CLUSTER 1 SUMMARIZATIONS: 

5. Document: PMC7033720
Summary : 
She was admitted on 28th December after unsuccessful outpatient treatment.
The results of clinical laboratory test on the first day of hospitalization are listed in Table 1.
The patient later experienced Type I respiratory failure on the same day.
(horseshoe bats).

12. Document: PMC3831162
Summary : 
This differential sensing is primarily depending on the localization of the MAMP.
Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics will also be assessed.
IL-6 release was inhibited in a parallel manner.
Unfortunately, there are almost no data available on that subject.

13. Document: PMC5843284
Summary : 
Gorillas acquired SIV from chimpanzees.
Recently, the SIVrcm origins of SIVcpz gag has been called into question [22].
Human RefSeq sequence was obtained from the NCBI nucleotide database.
Constructs were TA-cloned into pCR4 (Invitrogen, #K4575-01).

15. Document: PMC5824420
Summary : 
21.
The plates were settled at 4°C for 5–10 min.
at 4°C.
All experiments were repeated in triplicate.

17. Document: PMC4664985
Summary : 
Methods such as dialysis and spin column filtration were investigated, but again the caustic nature of the reagent was problematic.
Five-milliliter aliquots of the mixture were transferred into the wells of 6-well plates.
All oligonucleotide primers and probes used in this study are listed in Table 2.
The reactions were processed on an Applied Biosystems 3130 Genetic Analyzer (Life Technologies).

19. Document: PMC3694142
Summary : 
Resultingly, other modes of antigen delivery have been explored.
Unlike adenovirus-5, most individuals have not been previously exposed to these viruses and are thus seronegative.
In brief, the spleen from the mouse was homogenized and a single-cell suspension of splenocytes obtained.
Presented results show the mean of measurements within a group.

20. Document: PMC6909378
Summary : 
Clinical symptoms range from inapparent and mild fever to severe inflammation and increased endothelial permeability in major organs.
Several TLR agonists and antagonists are regarded as promising therapeutic agents for the treatment of sepsis, asthma, vaccine adjuvants, and autoimmunity (9).
The O-linked glycoprotein podoplanin has been identified as the endogenous ligand of CLEC2.
Moreover, CLEC2 is responsible for immunothrombosis in the context of bacterial infections (45, 46).

34. Document: PMC3722273
Summary : 
Let.
That is,  is only available on the  day.
PA1
For  to , we performed (a)-(c).
PA2
For  to , we performed (a)–(c).

35. Document: PMC7096724
Summary : 
Data extraction and paper quality evaluationTwo authors (A.E.
and F.J.) screened and evaluated the literature independently.
Sensitivity analysis did not show significant changes.
Various reasons may justify this happening.

40. Document: PMC3350431
Summary : 
[27].
[60]).
The questions are as follows.
All three jointly wrote the manuscript.

41. Document: PMC3257271
Summary : 
these latter three islands are, and always have been, isolated from the mainland and from each other.
Colony sizes were estimated independently by AJP and AFL.
The plasma was aspirated and stored at −20°C.
Briefly, 50 µg of protein was electrophoresed on a 12% polyacrylamide gel.

44. Document: PMC5469330
Summary : 
[16].
The plates were incubated at 4°C for 30 min to solidify the overlay medium.
Primers sequences used for qRT-PCR are listed in Table 1.
or S.E.M..

45. Document: PMC4361501
Summary : 
1.
2).
3).
An.

47. Document: PMC3544736
Summary : 
The assay tests for both viruses in a combined kit format.
normally distributed data
[34].
less extreme.
An advantage of these study designs (e.g.

52. Document: PMC4383489
Summary : 
1 (HCMC), Children’s Hospital No.
The randomization code to select ambulatory cases for follow-up was generated by software.
Fig 2 presents a nomogram of the EDC.
This current study extends that literature in several ways.

53. Document: PMC6855423
Summary : 
[7].
Afterward, the supernatant was discarded to remove the effects of solvents.
and Fig 2B).
It is possible that even little pressure can accidentally uncouple the connection between the syringe and the filter.

57. Document: PMC6321510
Summary : 
+1 PRF is adopted by the prfB gene of E. coli.
By contrast, the dnaX gene of E. coli.
[12].
The amplified cDNAs were then cloned into the BamHI/EcoRI sites of appropritate reporters.

59. Document: PMC3867435
Summary : 
The ligation was performed for 2 h at 37°C.
Finally, we performed clone sequencing.
The full workflow is shown in Figure 1.
No other local close contacts were found to be infected.

62. Document: PMC4415701
Summary : 
This study was conducted under the approval of the Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais ethics committee.
Samples with an HI titer ≥40 were considered to be positive.
Values were expressed by mean log2 antibody titers.
Serological profiles against this antigen in each studied area are shown in Figure2.

67. Document: PMC4388503
Summary : 
Others are locked or chained in temples or compounds of traditional healers [17].
The level of statistical significance was defined a priori as a two-sided p-value of 0.05 or less.
Less than 1% of the total sample were in regular treatment.
2) Those were the most vulnerable population in the community with the least societal resources.

69. Document: PMC5180369
Summary : 
The mutated gene sequence was verified by Sanger sequencing (Cornell Genomics Facility).
Nuclei were stained with DAPI.
These findings highlight the distinct nature of HKU205.
Further sequencing and functional studies should be conducted to characterize the frequency and effects of other variations.

70. Document: PMC2631500
Summary : 
no.
IEA-positive nuclei were counted under the microscope.
No.
No.

81. Document: PMC4406689
Summary : 
Eosinophils express TLR7 and TLR8 [22].
These results are consistent with previous reports [5–7, 14].
[29, 30]There are some limitations in this study.
We checked the microbes only once on admission.

82. Document: PMC2946301
Summary : 
2B) [18,19,21].
6A; 1-8).
7.A).
SK: carried out PCR and culture assays.

87. Document: PMC1976117
Summary : 
the absence of splice variants).
Student's t-test P value > 0.5 (in all experiments).2.
Total RNA samples were stored at -80°C until use.
LM and FS carried out the assay design.

92. Document: PMC4477231
Summary : 
3).
3).
4).
1).

99. Document: PMC6097195
Summary : 
The piglets were born via natural farrow and were fed with milk.
The positive cells were stained brown.
As shown in the Fig.
Pigs are very similar in anatomy, physiology and genetics to humans.

102. Document: PMC5331632
Summary : 
However, it was not until 2007, when Pahel et al.
1).
In total, 750 questionnaires were distributed, and the response rate was 89.5%.
Nevertheless, some of our respondents left some questions blank.

106. Document: PMC3407894
Summary : 
Consequently, the emergence of antiviral drug can become a great problem, such the resistance observed for bacteria relative to antibiotics.
So, alternative methods unlikely to cause resistance are required.
[94].
Casteel et al.

108. Document: PMC4720120
Summary : 
URTIs cause non-severe but widespread epidemics that are responsible for continuous circulation of pathogens in the community.
Clinical and demographic information including symptoms, duration of hospitalisation, diagnosis and treatment were recorded.
All statistical analyses were performed using StataSE 12 (StatCorp.
The results of the analysis are summarized in Table 1 in S1 Table.

109. Document: PMC2910733
Summary : 
Viruses were stored at −80°C until use.
At 55 d.p.b.
and 26 d.p.b.
This is a critical finding of our study.

110. Document: PMC6465342
Summary : 
1).
2).
1).
2.

114. Document: PMC5039805
Summary : 
4).
2 and 4).
5).
6).

116. Document: PMC6763737
Summary : 
2; (20)].
(21).
A summary of the results is presented in Table 2.
Carmo et al.

124. Document: PMC5985562
Summary : 
1).
3).
4).
5).

133. Document: PMC6471425
Summary : 
Chloroauric acid tetrahydrate (HAuCl4·4H2O) was from Avantor Performance Materials (Gliwice, Poland).
Re-distilled water was used throughput.
After that, the Cu grid was placed in a TEM chamber.
This in turn would result in a decrease of temperature of surrounding tissues.

134. Document: PMC6586066
Summary : 
6–7 persons.
The Chairs and their secretariats should be involved.
If so, what were they?
We just need to get concurrence.

135. Document: PMC5402274
Summary : 
As shown in Fig.
4D).
S1).
6).

146. Document: PMC5382482
Summary : 
1).
2).
2–3 (below).
3).

150. Document: PMC3710188
Summary : 
Tiering and pooling often work in tandem.
Negotiating licenses, limited by field and geography, has proven challenging.
The NIH recently launched the National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences (NCATS).
Their collective efforts made this possible in just four months.

153. Document: PMC3230854
Summary : 
Thus, viruses are dependent on diverse factors and conditions in the host cell.
However, mechanisms that determine which mRNAs will be included exist.
Interestingly, Tax shuttles from the nucleus to the cytoplasm in response to several types of stress.
This finding shows that HDAC6 is critical to SG formation.

158. Document: PMC6382132
Summary : 
and then clarified by centrifugation at 8,000g for 10 min.
The amplified products were analyzed by agarose gel electrophoresis.
The poultry in the same field were considered as a single sampling pool.
However, this method had some limitations.

159. Document: PMC6945394
Summary : 
1 [9, 10].
(Fig.
2.
dysgalactiae.

160. Document: PMC6723397
Summary : 
Capybaras are wild animals but also well adapted to human-modified landscapes [2,3].
The precipitated filtrate was centrifuged, and the pellet was resuspended in 1 mL of SM buffer.
The raw read data is deposited in the SRA database (PRJNA521956).
In group 5, CapV10, CapV36, and Cap37 all have unidirectionally organised open reading frames.

161. Document: PMC1483912
Summary : 
An index lower than 2.5 was considered evidence of escape.
Competition ELISA was performed as follows.
The data were analyzed by applying the median effect principle as formulated by Chou and Talalay [
29].
However, the direct and indirect costs involved in quarantine measures are very substantial [
4].

166. Document: PMC6357399
Summary : 
The CLHLS attempted to recruit all centenarians who agreed to participate in the sampled counties/cities.
Its calculation procedure is outlined below (see the “Statistical analyses” section).
In Fig.
Zeng et al.

172. Document: PMC6342303
Summary : 
This tendency was not observed at 28°C.
(Fig 2c).
Furthermore the respiration system worn as a rucksack led to back pain.
The comparison of PAPR with other devices was not the focus of this study.

173. Document: PMC6177243
Summary : 
Circovirus belongs to the Circoviridae.
However, A was the most abundant nucleotide.
and our previous study [36].
CAI values range from 0 to 1.

176. Document: PMC4524495
Summary : 
in 1986 [15].
Importantly, El-Houadfi et al.
1).
1).

177. Document: PMC5680193
Summary : 
However, this view is gradually changing.
3).
3).
If so, how is the infection transmitted?

184. Document: PMC2322988
Summary : 
We adopt the average linkage option in calculating between-cluster relationships.
Alter et al.
[16].
YSL performed the data analysis.

189. Document: PMC7123565
Summary : 
7.1).
7.2).
7.3).
7.5).

191. Document: PMC6702729
Summary : 
1A, B) in 18 (48.6%), MPGN (Fig.
1C, D) in 14 (37.8%), and MeGN in 5 (13.5%).
Another limit of this study is the lack of immunofluorescence data.
Tubulointerstitial damage was a common feature [16, 17].

194. Document: PMC4729479
Summary : 
Encephalopathy has also been occasionally reported [8].
These two genetic and antigenic distinct clades have been shown to reassort with each other [23].
The proteins were tested in a series of assays to determine their biological functions.
Recombinant pFastBac1 plasmid was used to transform DH10Bac Escherichia coli (Invitrogen).

199. Document: PMC3433389
Summary : 
About 1,000 monkeys died or were euthanized in a quarantine facility in Reston, Virginia.
2009-018) of RITM, and informed consent was obtained from the farm owners.
The culture supernatants were then collected, filtered through a 0.22 μm-pore-size filter, and stored at -80°C until use.
TY participated in the statistical analysis of the data.

210. Document: PMC6523565
Summary : 
miRBase was used to obtain the pre- and mature miRNA sequences.
The successful mutations were identified by sequencing technology.
The polyA signal (PAS) (AAUAAA) is located 28 nucleotides before the PAT sequence.
SMAD7 has been seen to regulate TGFBR1 through negative feedback in many ways [59].

212. Document: PMC6949926
Summary : 
We do not get enough gloves, and we do not have aprons.
I do not think they have ever been serviced since they were installed.
As a result, they tend to spend less time with them.
They go to church and when they are in shopping complex.

216. Document: PMC3688872
Summary : 
Each library contained approximately 2.4 x 107 clones.
Food and water were available ad libitum.
The plates were maintained at room temperature for 30 minutes.
The left lungs were fixed for the histopathological analysis.

218. Document: PMC3817278
Summary : 
Flocked nasopharyngeal swabs (Copan) were collected in universal transport medium (UTM).
Subsequently, nucleic acids were extracted by the Boom extraction method [14].
Next, a PCR with adaptor-binding primers was performed.
Further analysis of those sequences (e.g.

219. Document: PMC7049846
Summary : 
Males with a history of serious medical conditions are highly susceptible to this infection.
Like most viral infections, the treatment options are supportive and symptomatic [2].
The statistical analyses consisted of descriptive counts and percentages.
However, it is worth mentioning that Ahmed et al.

220. Document: PMC6212820
Summary : 
All subjects were expatriate workers (not Saudi Arabian citizens).
S1).
2).
This stringent approach was used for two reasons.

224. Document: PMC5034103
Summary : 
These randomly amplified DNA fragments were sequenced on the PGM.
The fourth and fifth most prevalent families were the Picornaviridae (n=236 450) and Retroviridae (n=57 814) (Figure 3).
Hence the lack of DVETPNG/P motif is likely a biological occurrence.
Particularly, picornaviruses were found to be more diverse than previously recognized.

226. Document: PMC5315308
Summary : 
A probability of ≤0.05 was considered statistically significant [24–27].
Most trials had an appropriate method of randomization as well as allocation concealment.
Kose et al.
Likewise, Naz et al.

231. Document: PMC5578073
Summary : 
The cycle is repeated, once for each base, to produce the required oligonucleotide.
[12].
[67].
[68].

232. Document: PMC1522022
Summary : 
This indicated the efficiency of subtraction hybridization.
For each gene, two to four sets of Taq-Man probes and primers were tested.
These were designed to hybridize across exon junctions.
They were also imported into the on-line software KEGG2 for pathway mapping [30,31].

234. Document: PMC6489322
Summary : 
2).
2a and c).
3b).
4).

238. Document: PMC4537284
Summary : 
Thereafter, they were fixed and immunostained with specific markers, as described below.
The cultures were analyzed under an inverted fluorescent microscope.
The oligonucleotide primers genes used in this study were listed in Table 1.
Moreover, disruption of the cell and nuclear membranes was noticed.

243. Document: PMC4606902
Summary : 
Feng et al.
A temperature ≥ 38 °C was documented in 96.54 % of ARI cases at the time of physical examination.
Fever and cough compares the majority of clinical symptom.
P-value <0.05 was considered to be statistically significant.

245. Document: PMC2831817
Summary : 
Recombinant bacterial cells were collected by centrifugation and lysed by sonication.
Pyrobest® DNA polymerase was added to the reaction when the temperature decreased to 55°C.
The suspensions were centrifuged at 18,000 rpm for 30 min at 4°C.
Samples taken at the elution peak were pooled.

254. Document: PMC3484775
Summary : 
Medical schools primarily trained doctors for hospital work.
This included new cultivation methods that failed dismally, further reducing the harvest.
It has risen sharply in recent years.
Hospitals were the winners, as the focus on prevention switched to treatment (19).

266. Document: PMC6719071
Summary : 
RNA degradation and contamination were monitored on 1% agarose gels.
The cDNA fragments (250–300 bp) were then selected.
Primer sequences are listed in Table S1.
SLC40A1 is critical for intestinal iron absorption and metabolism homeostasis [28].

271. Document: PMC4276934
Summary : 
Tissue homogenates of the unidentified agent were inoculated into suckling mice and caused disease.
Consequently, proteins that counteract these PAMPs are highly conserved in vertebrates.
This may represent an evolutionary alternative for generation of antibody diversity.
While many institutions have such computational resources, others do not.

273. Document: PMC6200245
Summary : 
PR thresholds for strong and weak binders were set on 0.5 and 2.0, respectively.
The immunoproteasomes are believed to improve the efficiency of antigen presentation [62, 65].
Furthermore, there are some non-obligatory inputs as recommendations which could improve outputs.
This inconsistency indicates that these results needed to be analyzed with an integrated approach.

275. Document: PMC2923116
Summary : 
current allergic rhinitis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
systemic steroids, intranasal medicines, antibiotics, were also excluded by the investigator.
Subject No.
Since all side effects were resolved, no special actions were necessary.

276. Document: PMC7145770
Summary : 
[Did it work?]
Saliva is a polymicrobial fluid.
1).
2).

286. Document: PMC6030160
Summary : 
were developed recently12,13.
S4 in supplementary material.
Comparing Fig.
4 with Fig.

297. Document: PMC3163371
Summary : 
This structural modification retains affinity for the aminopurine P2 transporter.
However no signs of toxicity were observed during the experiments.
The major drawbacks of DFMO are its cost, the duration of treatment and its availability.
The optimum values for log P and Es determined have been 5.8 and −0.70, respectively.

300. Document: PMC5866925
Summary : 
Hence, most of the research was recently published.
To do so, we start with one freshly infected human.
An edge is the link between a pair of vertices.
Moreover, these state variables dictate how individuals interact with each other.

303. Document: PMC4349730
Summary : 
These relatively complex methods require specialized equipment and increase production costs.
Pellets were resuspended in equivalent volumes of 2× SDS running buffer.
Bands were analyzed based on intensity and size.
Blots were washed and developed with ECL Prime development kit (GE Lifesciences).

308. Document: PMC6786639
Summary : 
2010: Nairobi, Kenya.
p. 34).
which offered free medical care for acute illnesses.
[29].

320. Document: PMC6399512
Summary : 
S1).
S2).
3).
S5).

323. Document: PMC4058655
Summary : 
After extensive washing, bound oligonucleotides were eluted with 5 mM EDTA.
In contrast, it demonstrated a 100 times lower affinity for unrelated sugars such as lactose.
Li et al.
Liver tumours were collected and RNA was subsequently extracted and amplified.

325. Document: PMC4411738
Summary : 
(2011) [7].
It can be spread by infected equipment, crates or transporter vehicles which can be contaminated by microbes.
The geographical trade flows are shown in Figures 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6.
The axes of the graphs of the in- and outdegrees reflect the numbers of trading partners.

341. Document: PMC3858493
Summary : 
were then performed in the respective cell types.
At 4 h.p.i.
at high m.o.i.
(data not shown).

344. Document: PMC6505132
Summary : 
(2014)].
(2017)].
2008).
(2011).

345. Document: PMC3780522
Summary : 
200 ng pertussis toxins were given intraperitoneally on days 0 and 2 after immunization.
LD50 values were calculated by the Reed-Muench method [37].
The remainder of the brain and liver was fixed in 4% paraformaldehyde (PFA) and processed for histology.
Onset of disease occurs between days 9–12.

347. Document: PMC6023107
Summary : 
Supplies were replenished every four months.
It should be noted, however, that this too could be inaccurate.
Second, no exposure dose information was available.
Third, not all infectious illnesses in the child were diagnosed by a HCP.

348. Document: PMC4686901
Summary : 
However, people have little chance to contact with them directly.
After treatment, some of them will recover, and about 21% will die [25].
The region on the right of the red line represents R
c > 1.
In Fig 6, it shows the change of R
c with respect to d
1, d
2, d
3 and d
4, respectively.

350. Document: PMC5450142
Summary : 
4).
4.
5 and 6).
in preparation) [23].

358. Document: PMC4820917
Summary : 
The authenticity and orientation of the insert in the recombinant plasmid was confirmed by sequencing.
At 7 days post-transfection, culture supernatants were harvested and filter sterilized.
2).
2).

359. Document: PMC6557527
Summary : 
Vacation schedules were then collected directly from the district websites.
First, for the parameters we were informing, there was little correlation.
In most cases (> 90%) there was an agreement on the initial selection.
However, this is an artifact of the forecasting work flow.

366. Document: PMC6670166
Summary : 
These exclusions should be stated in advance to refrain the researcher from bias.
It is shown in Fig.
4.
Furthermore, there are other types rather than the standard MA like NMA and MA.

367. Document: PMC6832579
Summary : 
until all samples were processed for sequencing.
The prepared library was checked by gel electrophoresis.
One random copy of duplicates was kept.
model, respectively.

370. Document: PMC3856409
Summary : 
They are classified in four genera.
(one).
Their reciprocal nucleotide similarity was 97%.
[7,22,23].

372. Document: PMC6659655
Summary : 
EAE).
2a).
4d).
1a).

380. Document: PMC2765941
Summary : 
The second system was established to ship biological samples to the reference lab.
The medication stores were supplied to the different federate entities based on their needs.
We now know that most of the people who died were 20-49 years old (65%).
The action involved the entire force of the Mexican State.2.

384. Document: PMC4326503
Summary : 
USA Today.
no benefits or risks expressed).
Now what?
The Financial Times.

389. Document: PMC2847980
Summary : 
The sample was nearly equally divided between males and females (50.2% vs. 49.8%).
This association, also, did not withstand multivariate analysis, but it is an intuitive finding.
This may represent a misplaced sense of duty.
LHB conducted the primary analysis.

391. Document: PMC7060038
Summary : 
once any symptoms have manifested).
Table 1 and the Methods summarize the current state of knowledge.
(Table 1, Materials and methods).
However, such measures could prove highly expensive if implemented at scale.

393. Document: PMC5583962
Summary : 
1).
2).
4).
5).

394. Document: PMC5623503
Summary : 
Therefore, the difference in order (d) was 1.
Thus, we confirmed that p=1 and q=1.
Neonates, in particular, had the highest AARR of 7.67%.
However, several limitations should be considered when interpreting our findings.

395. Document: PMC5676807
Summary : 
Histograms (Fig.
4).
As indicated in Fig.
The results (Fig.

400. Document: PMC3197151
Summary : 
The primers used in this study are listed in Table 1.
The concentrations of primers in the reaction were 0.5 µM, and the concentration of Mg2+ was 1.5 mM.
This leader protein is lacking in enteroviruses.
Its closest relative is ANV-1.

401. Document: PMC6222055
Summary : 
(i) Antibodies and their transfer.
(iii) Heterologous immunity.
(ii) Assessment of safety.
(i) Monoclonal antibodies.

402. Document: PMC1386657
Summary : 
An overview of the used sera is shown in Table 1.
(2000) [20].
Therefore, a more sensitive technique was developed.
(2005) [13].

404. Document: PMC5360336
Summary : 
The first is a cumulative measure of the observed advantage of E over S and is denoted by Z.
Supporting technical details).
Randomisation is 1:1.
The efficiency of the triangular test is achieved from its asymmetry.

409. Document: PMC3250451
Summary : 
[49] (see also [50]).
None of the cats was vaccinated.
1).
S1, Fig.

412. Document: PMC3653782
Summary : 
Subsequently, two nasopharyngeal specimens were taken.
Detection of anti–M.
p-Values below 0.05 were considered significant.
To test for collinearity we calculated condition indices for the multivariate analyses.

413. Document: PMC3283561
Summary : 
1).
2, Table 1).
All the biological analyses were negative.
1).

414. Document: PMC5997395
Summary : 
All other chemicals were used as commercially available.
2-Isobutylquinolin-8-ol (5).
No.
Statistically significant difference was considered if p < 0.05.

416. Document: PMC3366922
Summary : 
Phage preparations were adjusted to 50% glycerol and stored frozen.
no.
no.
Its biochemical attributes are summarized in Table 3.

418. Document: PMC6271885
Summary : 
& Zucc.
These results indicate that the absolute configuration of (−)-enantiomers is required for the cytotoxicity.
They evaluated 1 against trypomastigotes and intracellular amastigotes of T. cruzi.
Results are shown in Table 3.

424. Document: PMC4784446
Summary : 
1).
The findings indicated that IBVs could be divided into six main clades.
Geographical factor is one of the factors affecting the evolution of IBVs.
Default settings were used for all programs.

443. Document: PMC6586300
Summary : 
mNGS detected Plasmodium spp.
There have been reports on associations between immunosuppression and TTV abundance [20, 21].
Chest imaging was not available to further assess these diagnoses.
Average read coverage across the segments was 86-fold.

445. Document: PMC2685481
Summary : 
However, the technique is complex and expensive.
and T. rangeli.
[25], respectively.
[26].

