CLUSTER 11 SUMMARIZATIONS: 
--------------------------

##### These summaries belong to cluster 11 using the text rank (tr) summarization method. The summary was generated by: a) tokenizing the sentences for each document using the nltk sent_vectorizer, deciding 4 as the number of sentences used to summarize each document (1 if the length of the document was less than 4 sentences itself), building a document-term frequency matrix using CountVectorizer, computing its similarity matrix by multiplying the matrix by its transpose, use them in page rank algorithm to get score for each sentence, and show the top 4 sentences:

0. Document: 82b043ec316b0bfb8350d65b09f6028d4ea9e564
Summary : 
Structured RNA elements may control virus replication, transcription and translation, and their distinct features are being exploited by novel antiviral strategies.
Viral RNA elements continue to be discovered using combinations of experimental and computational analyses.
Some notable discoveries were facilitated by new comparative analyses of diverse viral genome alignments.
Despite these advances, many powerful, user friendly prediction tools and resources are underutilized by the virology community.

1. Document: 9ffdd59ae97f369bdf0202cd78308225f399b3fd
Summary : 
Here we highlight three main efforts that have progressed the implementation of One Health in Kenya.

2. Document: 19e096b2ffdf2d39fa0e28a263bc20a3323bcb5f
Summary : 
CRP, IL-6 and LYM% were more effective than other three factors in predicting prognosis.
For disease classification, CRP and LYM% were sensitive in identifying the types between critically ill and severe (or moderate).
During the COVID-19 pandemic, the precise classification and prognosis prediction are critical for saving the insufficient medical resources, stratified treatment and improving the survival rate of critically ill patients.
We recommend that LYM% be used independently or in combination with other indicators in the management of COVID-19.

4. Document: 52bf83ff771d92f697a4ab0cfe70a99503940050
Summary : 
Faithful transmission of genetic information through generations ensures genomic stability and integrity.
However, genetic alterations occur every now and then during the course of genome duplication.
These repair mechanisms seem to be significantly impacted by posttranslational modifications of proteins like phosphorylation and ubiquitination.
Protein ubiquitination is emerging as a critical regulatory mechanism of DNA damage response.

6. Document: 14b4d32ff078c4db9661a587e43a30a7bf227ed9
Summary : 
Feline coronavirus (FCoV) is an enveloped single-stranded RNA virus, of the family Coronaviridae and the order Nidovirales.
FCoV is an important pathogen of wild and domestic cats and can cause a mild or apparently symptomless enteric infection, especially in kittens.
FCoV is also associated with a lethal, systemic disease known as feline infectious peritonitis (FIP).
Although the precise cause of FIP pathogenesis remains unclear, some hypotheses have been suggested.

7. Document: c66d7cf6243be684d42751e19f4f9c27ca8a1f3b
Summary : 
Two weeks after the second boost, chickens were challenged with 107.2 EID50 of H5N2 low pathogenicity avian influenza (LPAI) virus.
M2e-specific antibody responses to each of the vaccine constructs were tested by ELISA.
On the other hand, virus neutralization assays indicated that immune protection is not by way of neutralizing antibodies.
The results suggest that the self-assembling polypeptide nanoparticle shows promise as a potential platform for a development of a vaccine against AI.

8. Document: bedec26c3620f77256b9abfba6f57bc7570297b5
Summary : 
The interviews were audio recorded and were transcribed verbatim.
They expressed a sense of trust in the recommended public health advice and followed most of them.
There is a need to expand the use of social media for risk communication in the future.
E

9. Document: c16d19032f42486b997727ee0f732ab9fd5b9a84
Summary : 
We further report the identification of 16 polymorphisms in the rhIFITM3 gene, three of which were exonic and synonymous while the remainder was located in non-coding regions.
In cohort 1, several intronic polymorphisms were significantly associated with virus load or survival.
However, an association with both parameters was not observed and significance was lost in most cases when animals were stratified for the presence of MHC allele Mamu-A1*001.
Moreover, no significant genotype-phenotype associations were detected in cohort 2.

10. Document: 95e959217bbe5b03a533352920dbf0d7d222b238
Summary : 
An elementary model of COVID-19 dynamics-based on time-delay differential equations with a steplike survival function-is shown to be in good agreement with data from China and South Korea.

11. Document: a3980dbebf9ade61200fc033a91383e5974912ec
Summary : 
Systems-wide proteomic tools may facilitate a better understanding of mechanisms in the upper airways in health and disease.
Protocols Ci and ii were carried out under similar conditions except for the elution gradient: 3 h and 6 h respectively.
The coefficient of variation among the TMT runs in Protocol Cii was <20%.
There was substantial overlap in the identity of proteins using the four protocols.

16. Document: 135c2bacad3145424e8db55c9de4218015b366c3
Summary : 
The novel properties of these nucleoside antibiotics prompted synthesis and testing of a number of imidazole-and triazole-based ribonucleosides.
One factor that may limit its clinical potential is the dose-limiting haemolytic anaemia when high doses are administered.
In capsule or tablet form it is used as a part of combination therapy for chronic HCV infection.
This results in dose reduction or discontinuation of therapy in a proportion of patients.

18. Document: 94cd1610fd21b8fc289d65a96973216217a955dd
Summary : 
Background: During an infectious disease outbreak, it is critical to learn as much as possible about the concerns, knowledge, attitudes, and behavior of the public.
Such information can be crucial to the improvement of communication efforts by public health officials and clinicians.
The aim of this study was to identify awareness, attitudes, and practices related to influenza A (H1N1) among the Saudi public.
Methods: A cross-sectional study of 1,548 adult subjects recruited from various shopping malls in Riyadh and Jeddah was conducted.

23. Document: da7fb6a91b2595d009f5e9f60a45cc0a45fceac7
Summary : 
Phosphorodiamidate morpholino oligomers (PMO) are short single-stranded DNA analogs that are built upon a backbone of morpholine rings connected by phosphorodiamidate linkages.
As uncharged nucleic acid analogs, PMO bind to complementary sequences of target mRNA by Watson-Crick base pairing to block protein translation through steric blockade.
PMO interference of viral protein translation operates independently of RNase H. Meanwhile, PMO are resistant to a variety of enzymes present in biologic fluids, a characteristic that makes them highly suitable for in vivo applications.
Notably, PMO-based therapy for Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD) has been approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration which is now a hallmark for PMO-based antisense therapy.

24. Document: 77efa10bbf0d22795315f61ace2dc95804d269fb
Summary : 
Background-Patients with the 2019 coronavirus disease have different degrees of psychological pain, such as anxiety and depression, which may related to their prognosis.
The total score of HAMA and HAMD in CVOID-19 group were both higher than that General Pneumonia group.
While receiving antiviral treatment, patients also need psychological intervention.
Comprehensive psychological intervention model has been proved to be effective.

25. Document: 97e0348076235024d8bf38647c8db27abc7ffef2
Summary : 
Additionally, endemic zoonoses, such as rabies, burden countries year after year, placing demands on limited finances and personnel.
The questionnaire comprised 36 single, multiple choice and open-ended questions to inform the objectives of the survey.
Within the ministries, 22 (85%) MOH, 5 (20%) MAg, and 2 (67%) combined entities indicated they had specialized zoonoses units.
For endemic zoonoses, 32 of 54 ministries responded that they conduct formal prioritization exercises, most of them annually (69%).

26. Document: 2791274abdc77ce936d835faeaaa9bd65959c148
Summary : 
India is the second-largest population in the world, and developing nation, it is not well equipped 25 as compared to other developed countries like China, USA, Italy, Germany.
Hitherto, in the 26 scenario of the global pandemic, SARS-CoV-2 affected a hundred thousand people in 202 27 countries and territories, which could impart a devastating impact on the Indian population.
However, till 1 April 2020, 34 SARS-CoV-2 positive cases were growing exponentially, which raises the concerns if the 35 number of reported and actual cases are similar.
Our analysis suggests that there is an urgent 36 need to take action to extend the period of lockdown and allocate enough resources, including 37 personnel, beds, and intensive care facilities, to manage the situation in the next few days and 38 weeks.

27. Document: 15e842b8bf1a55c1df1c369a5f2bae55b3c98ae3
Summary : 
As an essential emergency management strategy, innovative emergency ventilation schemes that can quickly remove infectious and fatal contaminants without further spreading are highly demanded for public and commercial buildings.
This study numerically investigated a vortex flow driven ventilation in a model room to explore the dynamic characteristics and 3D visualisation of vortex-driven indoor tornados.
Four approaches to identify the core region of the indoor tornado were developed and compared against each other.
The best contaminants control and removal was achieved at lift angle of 20°in this study and an optimum lift angle ranging from 10°to 20°was recommended for future study.

29. Document: ca1f90fcd49058d95c081f507c5496b6b962c982
Summary : 
Designing novel antimicrobial peptides is a hot area of research in the field of therapeutics especially after the emergence of resistant strains against the conventional antibiotics.
Firstly, the tertiary structure of all peptides has been predicted using software PEPstrMOD.
Secondly, a wide range of features was computed from the structure of these peptides using software PaDEL.
The web server is present at the following link

30. Document: 70fefc54856d09f01cb983932a860dc4dacb9f46
Summary : 
Although hepatitis C virus (HCV) affects approximately 130-170 million people worldwide, no vaccines are available.
HCV is an important cause of chronic hepatitis, cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma, leading to the need for liver transplantation.
Inhibition of ERK and NF-κB was likely to promote HCV protein expression.
This result may provide information when curcumin is used as an adjuvant in anti-HCV therapy.

31. Document: b9548530d954b407b35fb266e2b4192402c982a1
Summary : 
An outbreak of clusters of viral pneumonia due to a novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV / SARS-

32. Document: 5813a786b66940f45bd1083081448cc53edcadd4
Summary : 
Background: Anatid herpesvirus 1 (AHV-1) is an alphaherpesvirus associated with latent infection and mortality in ducks and geese and is currently affecting the world-wide waterfowl production severely.

33. Document: 0f351d5be0c24d0b2e5dc0b8d941ce63bcbda449
Summary : 
Here, we report the crystal structure of M pro at a resolution of 1.82 Å, in space group P2 1 at pH 6.0.
The observed conformational flexibility of the active sites and the S1 specificity pockets suggests that these parts of M pro exist in dynamic equilibrium.
The structural data further suggest that the binding of APE to M pro follows an induced-fit model.
The substrate likely also binds in an induced-fit manner in a process that may help drive the catalytic cycle.

36. Document: dcf9e10df84c4439f2fb380b472de9ef2a6e55b8
Summary : 
Comparison of amino acid sequence similarity is the fundamental concept behind the protein phylogenetic tree formation.
We also check commonality with another motor protein sub-family kinesin, KIF1A.
Based on our analysis we find a common block of length 8 aa both in myosin II and KIF1A.
Altogether, our studies provide a new methodology for investigating the conserved amino acids' pattern in different proteins.

37. Document: eef61bdfa49b8652fd660b5b8b7e74cf51922505
Summary : 
Methods: A population based, cross-sectional survey was conducted using multi-stage random cluster sampling.
54,279 adults participated in the survey with a response rate of 96%.
53% of bacteriologically confirmed cases did not present persistent cough.
Over 50% of TB cases were among over 65's.

38. Document: 57f687e997bc7338adaefa13542e1f9ae7ddd7e6
Summary : 
Over the past decade, the number of countries reporting falsified (fake, spurious/falsely labeled/counterfeit) medicines and the types and quantities of fraudulent drugs being distributed have increased greatly.
The obstacles in combating falsified pharmaceuticals include 1) lack of consensus on definitions, 2) paucity of reliable and scalable technology to detect fakes before they reach patients, 3) poor global and national leadership and accountability systems for combating this scourge, and 4) deficient manufacturing and regulatory challenges, especially in China and India where fake products often originate.
Such leadership would give authoritative guidance for countries in cooperation with national medical regulatory agencies, pharmaceutical companies, and international agencies, all of which have an urgent interest and investment in ensuring that patients throughout the world have access to good quality medicines.
The organization would also advocate strongly for including targets for achieving good quality medicines in the United Nations Millennium Development Goals and Sustainable Development Goals.

39. Document: 0be7b06a39aa31b27514a501ebdd477f42b0919a
Summary : 
The notion of antifragility, an attribute of systems that makes them thrive under variable conditions, has recently been proposed by Nassim Taleb in a business context.
This idea requires the ability of such systems to 'tinker', i.e., to creatively respond to changes in their environment.
A fairly obvious example of this is natural selection-driven evolution.
Analyzing functions that are essential during stationary-state life yield examples of entities that may be antifragile.

43. Document: c9653d4f2d22837f98e2be157df9dd6516c1ec96
Summary : 
Infectious bronchitis (IB) is one of the most important viral diseases of poultry.
Chicks in the experimental group were inoculated intranasally with 10 5 ELD50/0.1 mL of the virus at three weeks of age.
The samples from various tissues were collected at1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 15, and 20 days postinoculation.
Chickens exhibited mild respiratory signs and depression.

46. Document: 8f44e4d806117b957383a7ee870d2dd38213f094
Summary : 
The research in the field of therapeutic peptides began to develop extensively in the second half of the 20 th century.
Here, we discussed the therapeutic properties of peptides used in influenza treatment.
Peptides with antiviral activity against influenza can be divided into three main groups.
Second, several peptides display virucidal activity, disrupting viral envelopes, e.g., Melittin.

48. Document: a8cec4aaa782514ef42b320b845e9d2d1804b42d
Summary : 
The results were compared with those from microbiology analyses ordered as part of standard care.
Specific antiviral treatment might be beneficial in some cases and may reduce spread in a hospital setting.
Diagnosing viral infections may promote reduction of unnecessary antibiotic use.
It can also be a tool for decisions concerning patient logistics, in order to minimize exposure of susceptible patients and personnel.

49. Document: 8923bae528dc7e9ed10fbb6e823707dd1018be9d
Summary : 
These results can be useful for better elucidating the molecular interaction in the A. deliciosa/P.
s. pv.
Normalization can correct the variation associated with variability occurring in the experimental procedures (i.e., sample quantification errors, variation between samples) 4,5 .
P. s. pv.

50. Document: 046a56d635edc933ed8f30ccf1ae9fd488dfe645
Summary : 
The human liver and lymph node sinusoidal endothelial cell C-type lectin (hLSECtin), a type II integral membrane protein, containing a Ca 2+ -dependent carbohydrate recognition domain (CRD), has a well-established biological activity, yet its three-dimensional structure is unknown due to low expression yields and aggregation into inclusion bodies.
Previous study has demonstrated that the HIV-1 virus-encoded Tat peptide ('YGRKKRRQRRR') can increase the yields and the solubility of heterologous proteins.
However, whether the Tat peptide could promote the high-yield and soluble expression of membrane proteins in Escherichia coli is not known.
This study provided a novel method for improving the soluble expression of membrane proteins in prokaryotic systems by fusion with the Tat peptide, which may be potentially expanded to the expression of other membrane proteins.

51. Document: PMC4113277
Summary : 
2005).
2012).
2011).
2011).

54. Document: 0d1d976e7073e6c1bbc69805f5c61a2f8607c911
Summary : 
The Phyllanthus extract has anti-HBV activity; however, its antiviral activity against lamivudine (LMV)-resistant mutants has not been examined.
Real-time RT-PCR was used to measure mRNA expression levels.
The secretion of HBsAg and HBcAg also fell in a dose-dependent manner.
These data indicate that Phyllanthus extract may be useful as an alternative therapeutic agent for the treatment of drug-resistant CHB patients.

55. Document: 5a0089eb2fc6fc7eabc5f98b7216e1568967b7c7
Summary : 
Title/abstract and full-text screening, data abstraction, and quality appraisal (AGREE-II) were carried out by single reviewers.

56. Document: 64f8cf1eb3fcbf713912d805032e3c95d4dda259
Summary : 
These include bioimaging, gene diagnostics, analytical sensing, photothermal treatment of tumors, and targeted delivery of various biomolecular and chemical cargos.
For each of the above topics, the basic principles, recent advances, and current challenges are discussed.
Finally, we describe what is known about adjuvant properties of bare gold or functionalized nanoparticles.
In the Conclusion section, we present a short summary of reported data and some challenges and perspectives.

58. Document: PMC4156489
Summary : 
As a result, novel strategies are required to develop more effective vaccines.
At all of these time points, less than 1.5% of total dsRNA or nsp12 signal was co-localized.
1).
2).

60. Document: PMC4221070
Summary : 
Recent studies have revealed that dromedary camels are the most likely intermediate host.
Confirmatory in-vivo experiments are still limited due to the lack of a suitable animal model.
Non-human primates were shown to be susceptible but did not develop a disease to an extent as humans.
A combination of pegylated IFN-alpha and ribavirin improved the clinical symptoms confirming previous in-vitro experiments.

61. Document: b9a8782661a61d1562b8d6a2098fd35c76b35349
Summary : 
Although broadly neutralizing antibodies (bnAbs) against the HIV-1 were observed in patients, elicitation of such bnAbs remains a major challenge when compared to other viral targets.
We previously hypothesized that HIV-1 could have evolved a strategy to evade the immune system due to absent or very weak binding of germline antibodies to the conserved epitopes that may not be sufficient to initiate and/or maintain an effective immune response.
We found that the human IgM repertoires from the 454 sequencing have diverse germline usages, recombination patterns, junction diversity, and a lower extent of somatic mutation.
Further computational analysis will provide framework for understanding the underlying genetic and molecular determinants related to maturation pathways of antiviral bnAbs that could be useful for applying novel approaches to the design of effective vaccine immunogens and antibody-based therapeutics.

63. Document: 30abdf7a423427b001aee5d319abecfb5ad1671b
Summary : 
Human coronaviruses (HCoVs) are known respiratory pathogens associated with a range of respiratory outcomes.
The study of HCoV-host interactions has contributed extensively to our understanding of HCoV pathogenesis.
In this review, we discuss some of the recent findings of host cell factors that might be exploited by HCoVs to facilitate their own replication cycle.
Together with Artierivirdae and Roniviridae, Coronaviridae is classified under the Nidovirale order [20] .

64. Document: a4c922f362c4d59ebe0b890776670e406d9dc985
Summary : 
Hand, foot, and mouth disease (HFMD) affects infant and young children.
These children had previously tested negative by PCR for enterovirus 71 and coxsackievirus A16 and A6.
Deep sequencing revealed nine virus families: Picornaviridae, Astroviridae, Parvoviridae, Caliciviridae, Paramyxoviridae, Adenoviridae, Reoviridae, Picobirnaviridae, and Polyomaviridae.
The highest number of viral sequences belonged to human rhinovirus C, astrovirus-MLB2, and coxsackievirus A21.

65. Document: aeac4c993813c60687acf54e7a35957830c7b727
Summary : 
Objective-This article summarises the progress made since the introduction of environmental surveillance in the African Region.Method-Country selection was based on the poor AFP performance indicators i.e.
Non polio AFP rate and stool adequacy.
It was recommended that any country not meeting the required indicators should consider environmental surveillance activity as an additional tool to support AFP surveillance.
The sites selection considered proximity to the target population, the size of the population to be sampled and the sensitivity of the sampling site.

66. Document: 76928215c6c3533279239fa704b87c1d4283a205
Summary : 
Previous work to assess immune function has relied upon relatively crude measures of immunocompetence.
However, with next-generation RNA-sequencing, it is now possible to create a profile of gene expression in response to an immune challenge.
Additionally, transcripts involved in metabolic processes (APOD, LRAT, RBP4) were downregulated.
This finding is consistent with a hypothermic response to LPS treatment in small birds.

68. Document: 522da4df2c31909547ac81763ad28d318fdb88e6
Summary : 
The outbreak of COVID-19, which is caused by SARS-CoV-2 virus, continues to spread 23 globally, but there is currently very little understanding of the epitopes on the virus.
In 24 this study, we have determined the crystal structure of the receptor-binding domain 25 (RBD) of the SARS-CoV-2 spike (S) protein in complex with CR3022, a neutralizing 26 antibody previously isolated from a convalescent SARS patient.
CR3022 targets a highly 27 conserved epitope that enables cross-reactive binding between SARS-CoV-2 and 28 SARS-CoV.
Structural modeling further demonstrates that the binding site can only be 29 accessed when at least two RBDs on the trimeric S protein are in the "up" conformation.Overall, this study provides structural and molecular insight into the antigenicity of 31 SARS-CoV-2.33ONE SENTENCE SUMMARYStructural study of a cross-reactive SARS antibody reveals a conserved epitope on the 35 SARS-CoV-2 receptor-binding domain.

71. Document: 7ee508ec11743a3ef6f496edaee487e68ace2368
Summary : 
The type I interferon (IFN) system is a first line of defense against viral infections.
Viruses have developed various mechanisms to counteract this response.
Our study was based on the observation that in cells that were infected with influenza A virus and subsequently stimulated with IFNa/b, phosphorylation of the signal transducer and activator of transcription protein 1 (STAT1) was strongly reduced.
SOCS proteins are potent endogenous inhibitors of Janus kinase (JAK)/STAT signaling.

73. Document: PMC2790610
Summary : 
[9]).
Streptomyces spp.
are considered quintessential soil inhabitants.
In Table 3 we propose some such hypotheses.

75. Document: e164fa160155af75c4fc98397014ef055030950e
Summary : 
In spite of medical breakthroughs, the emergence of pathogens continues to pose threats to both human and animal populations.
We present candidate approaches for anticipating disease emergence prior to large-scale outbreaks.
To test the reliability of these two approaches we contrast theoretical predictions with simulated data.
We find good support for our methods across a range of different model structures and parameter values.

76. Document: 0dc0752aac0fe3ed755331c8a1d2b52894c05adf
Summary : 
In this context, users' participation in social media has become one of the main indicators of their effectiveness, highlighting the importance of analyzing which factors enhance online engagement.
This research extends the number of variables identified in prior studies and analyzes 19,817 Facebook posts from 126 health organizations.
According to our findings, health organizations are not taking enough advantage of social media to engage with their current and potential users.
The dissemination of relevant information using visually attractive formats could help draw the attention of consumers, both to reach a higher commitment with the organization and to create value for society.

77. Document: 164c04a443c4cf3ef35cea3db90ec5dfe15db4ed
Summary : 
The gold nanoparticles showed target-specific aggregation with viral particles via hemagglutinin-sialic acid binding.
A linear correlation was observed between the change in optical density and dilution of chemically inactivated influenza B/Victoria and influenza B/ Yamagata.
Virus dilution (hemagglutinination assay titer, 512) of 0.156 vol% was readily detected.
The upper limit of the linearity can be extended with the use of more sialic acid-gold nanoparticles.

78. Document: c5f986ded9c2caf03ce509dffc7e53f93f41941c
Summary : 
Small molecule activators of KCNQ1/ KCNE1 are useful both for understanding the mechanism of the complex activity and for developing therapeutics for LQTs.
In this study we report that hexachlorophene (HCP), the active component of the topical anti-infective prescription drug pHisoHex, is a KCNQ1/KCNE1 activator.
Further studies in cardiomyocytes showed that HCP significantly shortens the action potential duration at 1 mM.
In addition, HCP is capable of rescuing the loss of function of the LQTs mutants caused by either impaired activation gating or phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate (PIP2) binding affinity.

79. Document: 085d2f0a23b102cb7492350434746878eb834785
Summary : 
However, using conventional diagnostic techniques, a causative agent is not always found.
(2006)(2007)(2008)(2009)(2010) were analysed by mNGS and in-house qPCR for respiratory viruses.
Sensitivity and specificity, as compared with PCR, were 96% and 98% for diagnostic targets (23/24 and 1093/1120, respectively).
Additional viral pathogens detected by mNGS were herpes simplex virus type 1 and coronavirus PLOS ONE | https://doi.

80. Document: PMC4754816
Summary : 
2).
AEF12618), was most closely related to FUGV.
The Cricetidae were further subdivided into the subfamilies Arvicolinae, Neotominae, and Sigmodontinae [14].
host evolutionary statuses in the CytB tree.

83. Document: 03f7d2452890b8b38bd91208ff5dc094b70d16ce
Summary : 
Background: Infection control practice compliance is commonly monitored by measuring hand hygiene compliance.
Local adaptations enabled staff to prioritize and monitor issues important in their own workplace.The tool replaced the previous system and was positively evaluated by auditors.
Conclusions: Hand hygiene compliance monitoring alone misses other important aspects of infection control compliance.
A continuous quality improvement tool was developed reflecting specific organizational needs that could be transferred or adapted to other organizations.

84. Document: 077465741790f0c5c5ab05866adc5dbcfcdb2f7c
Summary : 
The second edition of this handbook (the first edition appeared in 1963) has a completely renewed and, above all, much more extensive lay-out.
Each part of the book is followed by a comprehensive list of references; the many photographs are very illustrative.
The physical and chemical therapies, the nutrition of the healthy and of the diseased cat and the treatment of pain are described.
This is the kernel of the book.

85. Document: acd5cb2ba08da5c0f6bc310d74d497d38aa86be2
Summary : 
word count: 225 22 Importance word count: 144 23 .

86. Document: 04fcd2af8167c1e9468e2e5b67f374d74d7a84ad
Summary : 
The marine-derived fungus Cadophora malorum was isolated from the green alga Enteromorpha sp.
The compounds were evaluated in various biological activity assays.
2 Sclerosporin is a rather rare antifungal and sporogenic cadinane-type sesquiterpene.
C 15 H 22 O 3 , indicating five degrees of unsaturation.

88. Document: 719011222a3dd0642fb565e5f80fa03a184835eb
Summary : 
A novel, 10 kb RNA virus-tentatively named 'Abisko virus'-was discovered in the transcriptome data of a diseased autumnal moth (Epirrita autumnata) larva, as part of a search for the possible causes of the cyclical nature and mortality associated with geometrid moth dynamics and outbreaks in northern Fennoscandia.
Abisko virus has a genome organization similar to that of the insect-infecting negeviruses, but phylogenetic and compositional bias analyses also reveal strong affiliations with plant-infecting viruses, such that both the primary host origin and taxonomic identity of the virus remain in doubt.
In an extensive set of larval, pupal, and adult autumnal moth and winter moth (Operophtera brumata) outbreak samples, the virus was only detected in a few adult E. autumnata moths as well as the single larval transcriptome.
The Abisko virus is therefore unlikely to be a factor in the Fennoscandia geometrid population dynamics.

89. Document: 13710e1414a3d7090ceddc4354f8edfd7615245e
Summary : 
The principles of SPR-based biosensors are summarized first, focusing on the physical properties of the transducer, on the assays design, on the immobilization chemistry, and on new trends for implementing system analytical performances (e.g., coupling with nanoparticles (NPs).
Antibody detection is reported in relation to immune disorder diagnostics.
Finally, examples of pathogen detection by immunosensing were also analyzed.
A parallel comparison with the reference methods was duly made, indicating the progress brought about by SPR technologies in clinical routine analysis.

90. Document: a3116a1ea2e157c8855023d968cc0f0bd6c9846f
Summary : 
There is concern about a new coronavirus, the 2019-nCoV, as a global public health threat.
In this article, we provide a preliminary evolutionary and molecular epidemiological analysis of this new virus.
FUBAR analysis shows that the Nucleocapsid and the Spike Glycoprotein has some sites under positive pressure while homology modelling helped to explain some molecular and structural differences between the viruses.
From these results, 2019nCoV could be considered a coronavirus distinct from SARS virus, probably transmitted from bats or another host where mutations conferred upon it the ability to infect humans.

91. Document: 12279820750341f76871c7ae807f3c9a851a3ae3
Summary : 
Both NiV and HeV have continued to re-emerge sporadically in Bangladesh and Australia, respectively.
In the minigenome assay three out of the four siRNAs that targeted the L gene of NiV effectively inhibited replication.
Additionally, some of the siRNAs effective against NiV infection were only partially effective inhibitors of HeV infection.
An inverse correlation between the number of nucleotide mismatches and the efficacy of siRNA inhibition was observed.

93. Document: d82d6db1f132aa8d31e7b5afff09c1679e2dfe4e
Summary : 
Lactic acid bacteria (LAB) are promising vectors of choice to deliver active molecules to mucosal tissues.
Because of this potential, strategies for the display of proteins at the surface of LAB are gaining interest.
To display a protein at the surface of LAB, a signal peptide and an anchor domain are necessary.
Both the stability and functionality of the displayed proteins will be affected by the kind of anchor used.

94. Document: 4ace931a12cf4c36b131fcf16b49bf36eb15f8e3
Summary : 
Viruses adapt to their hosts by evading defense mechanisms and taking over cellular metabolism for their own benefit.
Alterations in cell metabolism as well as side-effects of antiviral responses contribute to symptoms development and virulence.
This situation would represent a case for a new emerging virus.
After 17 serial passages, the viral genome has accumulated only five changes, three of which were nonsynonymous.

95. Document: PMC4177793
Summary : 
The study period was from October 2, 2011, through June 30, 2012.
The mean correlation for these comparisons was 0·814.
Two epidemic peaks were noted.
However, it is labor-intensive and time-consuming.

96. Document: d45434768bff438c55a2ec36d9821e40fe7ddc7d
Summary : 
Glycans are multi-branched sugars that are displayed from lipids and proteins.
Not surprisingly, disruption of glycan synthesis is fundamental to various human diseases; including cancer, where aberrant glycosylation drives malignancy.
(2020) Discovery of antitumor lectins from rainforest tree root transcriptomes.
https://doi.org/10.

97. Document: b5a7acc938d3d05c5ef67cb6b1dd090805e487e5
Summary : 
Background: Duck viral hepatitis (DVH) is an acute disease of young ducklings with few convenient and effective veterinary drugs to treat.
The correlations between these indices were also analyzed.
Results: Exposure to DHV-1 induced significant oxidative damage in ducklings.
The clinical effects of both components were related to their antioxidant activities.

98. Document: 9af0b8e13e1e5ac714135dca8ba6d5216966066b
Summary : 
Intrinsically disordered regions (IDRs) challenge the well-established sequence-structurefunction paradigm for describing protein function and evolution.
Here, we direct a combination of biophysical and cellular studies to further our understanding of how the intrinsically disordered C-terminal tail of FtsZ contributes to cell division in rod-shaped bacteria.
The CTT is essential for forming the cytokinetic Z-ring.
Otherwise, aberrant, CTT-mediated, FtsZ assemblies impair Zring formation.

101. Document: 7dffa969edbe8096420d429681024410840d4d20
Summary : 
Background: The retrovirus murine leukemia virus (MuLV) has an 8.3 kb RNA genome with a simple 5′-gag-pol-env-3′ architecture.
Translation of the pol gene is dependent upon readthrough of the gag UAG stop codon; whereas the env gene is translated from spliced mRNA transcripts.
Meta-analyses of host cell gene expression demonstrated that the RiboSeq datasets specifically captured the footprints of translating ribosomes at high resolution.
In addition, we provide the first direct measurements of stop codon readthrough efficiency during cellular infection.

103. Document: 3c9db7ee30074667f9fe308de9910b013aa1f163
Summary : 
Background and Aim: Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) has rapidly spread throughout the Middle East since its discovery in 2012.
The virus poses a significant global public health threat with potentially devastating effects.
The vaccine elicited a specific S1-immunoglobulin G antibody response, which was detected in the sera of the vaccinated mice at weeks 4 and 6 from the onset of the first immunization.
This study demonstrates a promising vaccine for the control and/or prevention of MERS-CoV infection in humans.

104. Document: 02646db96e6ce9a25067c0074f79646ce2625a64
Summary : 
Probiotic lactic acid bacteria (LAB) have been shown to alleviate inflammation, enhance the immunogenicity of rotavirus vaccines, or reduce the severity of rotavirus diarrhoea.
Although the mechanisms are not clear, the differential Th1/Th2/Th3-driving capacities and modulating effects on cytokine production of different LAB strains may be the key.
Peak cytokine responses coincided with the peak of HRV replication.
LAB may also help to maintain immunological homeostasis during HRV infection by regulating TGF-β production.

105. Document: PMC545201
Summary : 
The ban introduced by the European Community in 1989 on hormone-treated beef imported from the US.
The possible benefits and costs of the TRIPS agreement had not been openly discussed beforehand.
In the past, most services were not considered to be tradable across borders.
This might be interpreted under the GATS as restricting market forces.

107. Document: bede1530aa4f5b0fdc57cd2d582bc7e4f153c1e6
Summary : 
Our study provides an easy method to identify hotspots in epidemic networks.
Diseases spread more efficiently in highly transitive networks 3,13-15 .
The occurrence of reinfections highly increases the virulence of the pathogens and the mortality rate of the hosts 23,24 .
The causative agent and etiology of the medieval Black Death are still debated.

111. Document: bd3bd3ed5d72a3ce42d110a8de6620b7b0f9f1bf
Summary : 
Corona virus data was taken from Genbank National Center for Biotechnology Information from 1985-1992.
An important step in this reserach is the sequence alignment of two corona viruses using the Needleman-Wunsch algorithm.
Second, identification of the location of mutations from the DNA of the virus.
The result of this reserach is an alignment and the location of mutations of both sequences.

112. Document: e296fa71274bad6cabcf683a2ba47e58b1326877
Summary : 
Key definitions are provided, along with some examples of actual and potential security and confidentiality breaches and related incidents that captured mainstream media and public interest in recent months and years.
The 'missing ring' (in many treatments of the topic) of data security is also discussed.
Personal information and privacy legislations in two countries, Canada and the UK, are covered, as well as some examples of recent research projects and events about the subject.
Select highlights from a June 2009 URISA (Urban and Regional Information Systems Association) workshop entitled 'Protecting Privacy and Confidentiality of Geographic Data in Health Research' are then presented.

113. Document: d211a9ffb15714958d46365027d61af18c17a269
Summary : 
However, the exact mechanisms of PCVD/PCVAD are currently unknown.
In cells infected with replicating viruses, both PCV2a and PCV2b genotypes were equally present [31].
PCV3 was divided into three major clades (PCV3a, PCV3b and PCV3c) based on complete coding sequences [32,42].
However, to date, isolation and propagation of PCV3 was unsuccessful in vitro [52],

115. Document: d55f09671ad483ed5c25dbff97c970e08c6be947
Summary : 
Background: DC-SIGNR (also called CD209L) has been extensively studied on its role in host genetic predisposition to viral infection.
As gender differences in lifespan are ubiquitously observed throughout the animal kingdom, we then stratified the samples by gender.
The difference was not significant after correction by Bonferroni method.
It suggests a possible differential effect of DC-SIGNR VNTR genotypes between sexes.

117. Document: PMC6095619
Summary : 
As the first line of host defense, the innate immune system utilizes germline-encoded receptors named pattern-recognition receptors (PRRs) to detect invading pathogens.
Moreover, cGAS deficiency does not affect SeV-induced IFNβ production [13].
However, the underlying mechanisms still need to be further elucidated.
Are there any other cofactors involved in this process?

118. Document: c831d405327c80b5e2b93695063542fd1cdd168f
Summary : 
Such methods can be highly efficient, saving large amounts of time and reagents.
In the range of very rare target (<0.05), this approach can reduce the number of necessary tests dramatically, for example, achieving a reduction by a factor of 50 for a target frequency of 0.001.
The second method is a simpler approach of optimized one-time pooling followed by individual tests on positive pools.
We compare our strategies to the naïve way of testing and to alternative matrix-pooling methods.

120. Document: 001259ae6d9bfa9376894f61aa6b6c5f18be2177
Summary : 
IEF, isoelectric focusing; NC, nitrocellulose; TBS, Tris-buffered saline pH 8.3; TBS-milk, TBS containing 3% nonfat dry milk and phenyl-methyl sulfonyl fluoride; PBS, phosphate-buffered saline, pH 7.2.

121. Document: 10a7ff8413936efe6d169a8b7ec490387ceb6f84
Summary : 
SHP-1 is a protein tyrosine phosphatase that negatively regulates cytokine signaling and inflammatory gene expression.
In the present study we investigated the role of SHP-1 in controlling CNS inflammatory demyelination following a peripheral instead of an intracerebral inoculation of TMEV.
Moreover, SHP-1 deficiency led to increased expression of inflammatory molecules in macrophages, serum, and CNS following IP infection with TMEV.
Importantly, pharmacological depletion of peripheral macrophages significantly decreased both paralysis and CNS viral loads in SHP-1-deficient mice.

122. Document: 198bdc284caeafc6bbff6f925f36eec10d3d033c
Summary : 
Defective interfering particles (DIPs) are a natural byproduct of influenza A virus (IAV) replication.
These properties open exciting possibilities for the development of DIP-based antivirals.
Cultivations were performed at two residence times (RT, 22 and 36 h) using MDCK suspension cells grown in a fully defined medium.
Modeling suggests that both STV inactivation and virus degradation have to be taken into account to achieve good agreement of simulations and experimental data for longer RTs.

123. Document: 5d7698a990270f5ebfa2c879d56187116acc7646
Summary : 
Methods/Design: We will conduct a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study at the onset of the influenza seasons.
A total of 100 subjects 30-70 years of age will be recruited from the general populations.
Secondary variable measures will be included severity and duration of ILI symptoms.
The ILI symptoms will be scored by subjects using a 4-point scale.

125. Document: PMC4527690
Summary : 
Ultimately, the relative frequency of protective asymptomatic infections determines the size of this effect.
[9], could have similar dampening effects on epidemic spread.
The frequency of such environmental exposure would depend on the animal community in a region.
A first step toward greater integration involves student training.

126. Document: e9d02eb781f53686a256374622068790beb74290
Summary : 
The first cases of COVID-19 in France were detected on January 24, 2020.
The number of screening tests carried out and the methodology used to target the patients tested do not allow for a direct computation of the actual number of cases and the infection fatality ratio (IFR).
We develop a 'mechanistic-statistical' approach coupling a SIR ODE model describing the unobserved epidemiological dynamics, a probabilistic model describing the data acquisition process and a statistical inference method.
Main results.

127. Document: 23f1bab7d94bd0564e2319fddf75c1c7987ce75f
Summary : 
Firstly, the existence and local stability of disease-free and endemic equilibria are investigated.
Then, we prove the occurrence of backward bifurcation, saddle-node bifurcation, Hopf bifurcation and cusp type Bogdanov-Takens bifurcation of codimension 3.
Finally, numerical simulations, including one limit cycle, two limit cycles, unstable homoclinic loop and many other phase portraits are presented.
These results show that the psychological effect of diseases and the behavior change of the susceptible individuals may affect the final spread level of an epidemic.

128. Document: 1e981bc1ac8d6a8ea0f8e21991e3f525ae0a16a4
Summary : 
Influenza virus may cause serious respiratory infection resulting in major complications, as well as severe impairment of the airways.
Here, we elucidated the global transcriptomic changes during H3N2 infection of human nasal epithelial cells from multiple individuals.
We used in vitro differentiated human nasal epithelial cell culture model derived from seven different donors who had no concurrent history of viral infections.
Statistical analysis highlighted strong transcriptomic signatures significantly associated with 24 and 48 h after infection, but not at the earlier 8-h time point.

129. Document: 837056cb9cb01b2f15c39e7e342a3c47bfcc24cf
Summary : 
The outbreak of coronavirus disease in China caused by SARS-CoV-2 virus 24 continually lead to worldwide human infections and deaths.
It is currently no specific viral protein 25targeted therapeutics yet.
However, the structural information of SARS-27CoV-2 nucleocapsid protein is yet to be clear.
31 Further comparison with mild virus type HCoV-OC43 equivalent domain demonstrates a unique 32 potential RNA binding pocket alongside the b-sheet core.

130. Document: e08d308e5923cb4f741d34a6cd3548a17a04a2b1
Summary : 
Two had vaginal delivery and the rest took cesarean section.
Few patients presented respiratory symptoms (fever and cough) on admission, but most had typical chest CT images of COVID-19 pneumonia.
Increased levels of WBC, neutrophils, eosinophils, and CRP were found in postpartum blood tests of pneumonia patients.
No reuse allowed without permission.

131. Document: 4716aa61386cb52b7aa834b557cb4e2ac7ec4cad
Summary : 
Despite significant advances in our understanding of disease pathobiology and natural history, what causes IPF remains unknown.
A potential role for infection in the disease's pathogenesis and progression or as a trigger of acute exacerbation has long been postulated, but initial studies based on traditional culture methods have yielded inconsistent results.
In addition, the lung microbiome remains only partially characterized and further research should investigate organisms other than bacteria and viruses, including fungi.
The clarification of the role of the microbiome in the pathogenesis and progression of IPF may potentially allow its manipulation, providing an opportunity for targeted therapeutic intervention.

132. Document: 90f28a7925b8350d3a484cac6ed454a328d08b67
Summary : 
The purpose of this investigation was to enhance our understanding of EV-D68 epidemiology and clinical features.
Cases were not more likely to be hospitalized than controls.
Cases were more likely to be identified in September than October (OR 8.07; 95% CI 5.15 to 12.64).
There was no difference in hospitalization status between cases and controls.

136. Document: f06dde80e1f11939bb7306853ca92a8c9382ede4
Summary : 
Background: Feline leukaemia virus (FeLV) and feline immunodeficiency virus (FIV) are major causes of morbidity and mortality in domestic and wild felids.
Factors found to significantly increase the risk for FeLV seropositivity include sex, age, behaviour, sickness, and living in a multi-cat household.
High prevalence of FeLV or FIV observed in our study is of concern, in view of the immunosuppressive potentials of the two pathogens.
Specific measures for control and prevention such as screening and routine vaccination are needed to ensure that FeLV and FIV are controlled in the cat population of peninsular Malaysia.

137. Document: PMC2817497
Summary : 
Bacteriophages generally use the translational machinery of their hosts to synthesize both their structural and regulatory proteins.
[40].
This was expected, as these phages have a high genomic content.
Our observations corroborate with the earlier report with respect to all the 32 mycobacteriophages.

138. Document: e8ae9d6178f8322e2f9b2453ef13bb312427bd15
Summary : 
MERS later spread to other countries in the Arabian Peninsula, followed by an outbreak in South Korea in 2015.
At least 26 countries have reported MERS cases, and these numbers may increase over time.
Therefore, it is essential for emergency department (ED) personnel to be able to rapidly assess MERS risk and take immediate actions if indicated.
2015;16(5): 619-624.]

139. Document: 6b4ecf5007f65703ebf6d5705809aa3a8d6ff123
Summary : 
The continued emergence of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) cases with a high case fatality rate stresses the need for the availability of effective antiviral treatments.
Here, we tested the efficacy of prophylactic and therapeutic remdesivir treatment in a nonhuman primate model of MERS-CoV infection, the rhesus macaque.
The data presented here support testing of the efficacy of remdesivir treatment in the context of a MERS clinical trial.
It may also be considered for a wider range of coronaviruses, including the currently emerging novel coronavirus 2019-nCoV.MERS-CoV | antiviral | animal model | remdesivir | therapy

141. Document: a5461ce95a584cf5eb9352e70ea68d14e619a41e
Summary : 
Introduction: The role of laboratory parameters in screening of COVID-19 cases has not been definitely established.
Results: Two hundred cases with the mean age of 41.3± 14.6 (range: 19-78) years were studied (0.53% male).
Conclusion: Our findings suggest that level of LDH, CRP, ALT and NEU can be used to predict the result of COVID-19 test.
They can help in detection of COVID-19 patients.

142. Document: 7697fcf19fb5548783f66563f33f7977ff59cd7a
Summary : 
The infiltration of immune cells in the central nervous system is a common hallmark in different neuroinflammatory conditions.
Although the healthy CNS has been thought to be devoid of professional dendritic cells (DCs), numerous studies have reported the presence of a population of DCs in specific locations such as the meninges, choroid plexuses and the perivascular space.
Moreover, the infiltration of DC precursors during neuroinflammatory situations has been proposed, suggesting a putative role of these cells in the regulation of lymphocyte activity within the CNS.
On the other hand, under specific circumstances, microglial cells are able to acquire a phenotype of DC expressing a wide range of molecules that equip these cells with all the necessary machinery for communication with T-cells.

144. Document: PMC2746226
Summary : 
By the end of 2005, approximately 98% of the population was insured [16].
In this study we used the inpatient claims dataset.
3).
However, it also had several limitations.

145. Document: c27741de244a87a624f556884b3d2ffffdf9b4ec
Summary : 
In this study we analyzed proteomics data obtained with the SomaLogic technology from blood serum of a cohort of patients and matched healthy subjects.
In addition to muscle-related functions, we identified other biological processes such as apoptosis, signaling in the immune system and neurotrophin signaling as significantly modulated in patients compared with controls.
Moreover, our network-based analysis identified the involvement of FoxO transcription factors as putative regulators of different pathways.
On the whole, this study provided a global view of the molecular processes involved in Duchenne muscular dystrophy that are decipherable from serum proteome.

147. Document: 0c1c5de8aaed14c36cdaaa3bbdb6349bc2fd0431
Summary : 
Science foresight analysts can choose from a rather large variety of approaches.
There is, however, relatively little information about how the various approaches can be applied in an effective way.
Results from a sensitivity analysis further show the importance of using full-texts for text mining instead of only title, keywords and abstract.
The paper concludes with a reflection on the methodological framework, and gives directions for its intended use in future studies.

148. Document: 1304ff9ef1cbd2e97a0ee662cebc837da9eb25ca
Summary : 
Continuous efforts have been made to develop a prophylactic vaccine against severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV).
Mice were subcutaneously and intraperitoneally injected with recombinant baculovirus, and both humoral and cellular immune responses were induced in the vaccinated groups.
In contrast, there were significantly weaker cellular immune responses, as well as less antibody production than in the control groups.
Our data demonstrates that the recombinant baculovirus can serve as an effective vaccine strategy.

149. Document: PMC5201355
Summary : 
The questionnaire was developed by the primary author and pilot tested on a small number of healthcare workers.
Participants were recruited from 9 September 2015 to 8 November 2015.
The survey was administered on paper in either Arabic or English according to respondent preference.
(62%) of them are nurses, (21%) are physicians and (17%) are other HCWs.

151. Document: 4395141eef1089f1c75a14912fade412fd694c19
Summary : 
The glycosylated membrane protein M of the severe acute respiratory syndrome associated coronavirus (SARS-CoV) is the main structural component of the virion and mediates assembly and budding of viral particles.
The membrane topology of SARS-CoV M and the functional significance of its N-glycosylation are not completely understood as is its interaction with the surface glycoprotein S. Using biochemical and immunofluorescence analyses we found that M consists of a short glycosylated N-terminal ectodomain, three transmembrane segments and a long, immunogenic C-terminal endodomain.
Although the N-glycosylation site of M seems to be highly conserved between group 1 and 3 coronaviruses, studies using a recombinant SARS-CoV expressing a glycosylation-deficient M revealed that N-glycosylation of M neither influence the shape of the virions nor their infectivity in cell culture.
Further functional analysis of truncated M proteins showed that the N-terminal 134 amino acids comprising the three transmembrane domains are sufficient to mediate accumulation of M in the Golgi complex and to enforce recruitment of the viral spike protein S to the sites of virus assembly and budding in the ERGIC.

152. Document: d61aa25d7cd427efdcc9c50b9d586df093d5a67a
Summary : 
This study evaluated the sensitivity and specificity of nine commercially available serological tests.
These included three enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays (ELISAs) and six point-of-care (POC) lateral flow tests.
https://doi.org/10.
Wells were washed five times and a chromogen solution was added.

154. Document: PMC3332281
Summary : 
The codes were organized into thematic categories.
Five respondents were excluded, as they did not indicate their specialty.
Some found financial compensations inadequate for the additional workload.
Needs of specific regions were felt as neglected.

156. Document: PMC7083240
Summary : 
Further inclusion criteria were that the studies were in English and referred to humans.
We also searched the reference lists of the studies included.
Among the 191 patients, there were 54 deaths, while 137 survived.
In this study, none of those who needed to be admitted to an ICU (n=13) was a current smoker.

157. Document: 1f91af10bd4371cfb8d9e08a8a1518d8bbd6d4f5
Summary : 
The use of next generation sequencing (NGS) to identify novel viral sequences from eukaryotic tissue samples is challenging.
Issues can include the low proportion and copy number of viral reads and the high number of contigs (post-assembly), making subsequent viral analysis difficult.
Assembled contig numbers were significantly reduced (up to 99.97%) by the application of these pre-assembly filtering methods.
This approach provides a validated method for maximizing viral contig size as well as reducing the total number of assembled contigs that require down-stream analysis as putative viral nucleic acids.

162. Document: 5dee0488f20951e191da1c58d425a28eda883f49
Summary : 
Objective: Human pluripotent stem cells are self-renewing cells with the ability to dif

164. Document: 40cdf2909c24827365de82a6a5d84a7c3aec0290
Summary : 
Pathogens that spill over between species cause a significant human and animal health burden.
Here, we describe characteristics of animal reservoirs that are required for pathogen spillover.
Three-quarters of reservoirs included wildlife, and 84% included mammals.
Thus, we find that in many respects, reservoirs of spillover pathogens are indeed special.

165. Document: ff81f65bce47ed0a1a6e586dc196c6543e97d861
Summary : 
1-[bis(Dimethylamino)methylene]-1H-1,2,3-triazolo[4,5-b]pyridinium 3-oxide hexafluorophosphate (HATU) was used as a coupling reagent along with Hünig s base.
In biofilm eradication assay, most of the bacteria, particularly S. aureus, showed susceptibility to fumardiamides.
Acute lymphoblastic leukemia cells were highly susceptible towards m-substituted derivatives 4a,c,e (IC 50 = 6.7-8.9 µM).
Biological evaluations revealed that fumardiamides 4 were more active than succindiamides 5 indicating importance of Michael conjugated system.

167. Document: PMC3499821
Summary : 
colony.
The Great Apes are housed in large open-air facilities.
Exchange of materials, equipment, and personnel is facilitated through memorandums of understanding.
To isolate and diagnose highly pathogenic viruses, a progressive and diversified methodology was applied.

168. Document: 16b0744424f02e01fe2f01b3ea03e2862f1359fc
Summary : 
The RefSeq project augments these reference sequences with current knowledge including publications, functional features and informative nomenclature.
This paper summarizes the current status of the viral, prokaryotic, and eukaryotic branches of the RefSeq project, reports on improvements to data access and details efforts to further expand the taxonomic representation of the collection.
We also highlight diverse functional curation initiatives that support multiple uses of RefSeq data including taxonomic validation, genome annotation, comparative genomics, and clinical testing.
We summarize our approach to utilizing available RNA-Seq and other data types in our manual curation process for vertebrate, plant, and other species, and describe a new direction for prokaryotic genomes and protein name management.

169. Document: 5da7956e10ac1b78cc0fda6f4043ea034227459e
Summary : 
Background: Community-acquired pneumonia (CAP) is one of the leading worldwide causes of childhood morbidity and mortality.
Its disease burden varies by age and etiology and is time dependent.
We aimed to investigate the annual and seasonal patterns in etiologies of pediatric CAP requiring hospitalization.
Systemic corticosteroid was most commonly administered for MP pneumonia.

170. Document: a541d630fd5736ce515214386cf9642b1e3d02e7
Summary : 
Citation classics represent the highest impact work in a given field.
We aim to identify and analyze the most frequently cited papers on brucellosis.
The most cited fifty papers in each database were identified.
The most frequently cited paper received 964 citations and was by DelVecchio VG et al.

171. Document: 62298f90df017016d34e978befc29acbec201ccd
Summary : 
POCA particles induced endoplasmic reticulum stress and apoptosis.
Intriguingly, these particles activated the recently discovered cell death mechanism ferroptosis, which constitutes a promising alternative for targeting multidrug-resistant cancer stem-like cells.
Of the two, PBCA was the strongest inducer.
In summary, our findings highlight the cellular sensitivity to nanoparticle composition and have important implications for the choice of PACA monomer in therapeutical settings.author/funder.

174. Document: 985bcaae91f49b39ffb29301edef221c46c66034
Summary : 
In the present study, an RNA agonist of RIG-I was synthesized in vitro and shown to stimulate RIG-I-dependent antiviral responses at concentrations in the picomolar range.
Treatment of primary PBMCs or lung epithelial A549 cells with 59pppRNA provided significant protection against a spectrum of RNA and DNA viruses.
In C57Bl/6 mice, intravenous administration of 59pppRNA protected animals from a lethal challenge with H1N1 Influenza, reduced virus titers in mouse lungs and protected animals from virus-induced pneumonia.
Strikingly, the RIG-I-specific transcriptional response afforded partial protection from influenza challenge, even in the absence of type I interferon signaling.

175. Document: 14b23be79f302d4603f64e7a45d56574a23b59f5
Summary : 
For years it was believed that they share receptor specificity, utilizing sialic acids for cell surface attachment, internalization, and entry.
Interestingly, careful literature analysis shows that viruses indeed bind to the cell surface via sialic acids, but there is no solid data that these moieties mediate virus entry.
CRCoV and BCoV appear to employ human leukocyte antigen class I (HLA-1) as the entry receptor.
Furthermore, we identified heparan sulfate as an alternative attachment factor, but this may be related to the cell culture adaptation, as in ex vivo conditions, it does not seem to play a significant role.

178. Document: 6c26acf9ba8059cbd9caa58acb1a64538cfb7df9
Summary : 
In this study, we found two H9N2 viruses with similar genetic background but with different pathogenicity in mice.
Further studies showed that the NJ06 virus grew faster and reached significantly higher titers than NJ01 in vivo and in vitro.
Moreover, the NJ06 virus induced more severe lung lesions, and higher levels of inflammatory cellular infiltration and cytokine response in lungs than NJ01 did.
These observations will be helpful for better understanding the pathogenic potential and the corresponding molecular basis of H9N2 viruses that might pose threats to human health in the future.

179. Document: PMC6796355
Summary : 
Results were generated using amplification and melting curve data.
The test pouch is a sealed, non-reusable item.
During treatment, no adverse reactions or side effects were reported.
Therefore, the latter drug contributed to the treatment effect.

180. Document: PMC3582356
Summary : 
The study by Tam et al [1] revealed neither protective effects (as discussed by Prof Barrett [10]) nor enhancement of disease.
By day 3, suppression of cytokines was still evident, but viral titers had rebounded to the same level as in untreated samples.
Alternatively, the effectiveness of treatment may depend critically on the time of drug administration.
Future experiments investigating such a strategy may unlock the therapeutic potential of otherwise nonviable options.

181. Document: e3b40cc8e0e137c416b4a2273a4dca94ae8178cc
Summary : 
In December 2019

182. Document: f46d2803581226a9a94026693e95db88e7c70641
Summary : 
Human adenovirus 5 (AdHu5) vectors are robust vaccine platforms however the presence of naturally-acquired neutralizing antibodies may reduce vector efficacy and potential for re-administration.
The PAV3-HA vaccine, administered 8 days before challenge, demonstrated improved survival and lower virus load.
Importantly, as opposed to AdHu5, PAV3 vector was not significantly neutralized by human antibodies pooled from over 10,000 individuals.
Overall, PAV3-based vector is capable of mediating swift, strong immune responses and offer a promising alternative to AdHu5.

185. Document: 2b244041ab6f2ab167b76c5b17332c5598b56431
Summary : 
The treatment through the combination of ribavirin and pegylated interferon is expensive, only mildly effective, and is associated with severe side effects.
The variable nature of HCV, and the limited number of inhibitors developed thus aim in expanding the repertoire of available drug targets, resulting in targeting the virus assembly therapeutically.
(isolatek3a) and HCV genotype 4a (GT4) (isolateED43).
A flavonoid screen demonstrated that Epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG), nobiletin, and quercetin, have more binding modes in GT3 than in GT4.

186. Document: PMC6031173
Summary : 
1.
2).
4).
6).

187. Document: 2f2921851e825705103320bf3d61f9d76e4c6b45
Summary : 
This study aimed to evaluate environmental air sampling as an alternative form of active surveillance for respiratory pathogens in clinical settings.
Samples were collected from three locations in the .
Of the 44 samples collected, 12 were positive for known respiratory pathogens including influenza A, influenza D, and adenovirus.
Results suggest bioaerosol sampling may serve as a complement to active surveillance in clinical settings.

188. Document: d08ac6ac9dd268022b8cbe5cba116dd2bd12f757
Summary : 
Age-related macular degeneration (AMD) is a major cause of blindness in the developed world.
Oxidative stress and inflammation are implicated in AMD, but precise mechanisms remain poorly defined.
Carboxyethylpyrrole (CEP) is an AMD-associated lipid peroxidation product.
These changes were more pronounced in BALB/c mice than in C57BL/6 mice.

190. Document: 7729f9d0b2d49fd43519f42d2637a55b03e1c778
Summary : 
The potential involvement of viruses in inflammatory airway disease (IAD) was previously investigated through either serology or PCR from nasopharyngeal swabs (NS).
Neither agreement nor correlation between NS and TW was found for respectively genome detection and viral loads.
Detection of viral genome in NS was not associated with any clinical sign.
Coughing was significantly associated with TW detection of EHV-2 DNA (OR 3.1; P = 0.01) and ERBV RNA (OR 5.3; P < 0.001).

192. Document: b16b23aad25d88c3af9ccd50b754cd4d9e8762fe
Summary : 
The high incidence of emerging infectious diseases has highlighted the importance of effective immunization strategies, especially the stochastic algorithms based on local available network information.
Present stochastic strategies are mainly evaluated based on classical network models, such as scale-free networks and small-world networks, and thus are insufficient.
The results show all the strategies have decreased the coverage of the epidemics compared to baseline scenario (no control measures).
These results could have important significance for epidemic control research and practice.

195. Document: 74ae1ca5cc1f7ae981ab9263bea4f00444bb872c
Summary : 
There was a treatment × day interaction (P < 0.002) for detectable PEDV RNA.
The magnitude of the increase in Ct value from d 0 to 7 was dependent upon the individual treatments.
Interestingly, pigs given the coconut oil source with the highest composition of caprylic and capric only showed signs of infectivity on the last day of bioassay.
These data suggest some MCFA have potential for reducing post feed manufacture PEDV contamination.

196. Document: 2ace5853970e68deefd9800fdd135a266237884a
Summary : 
The coronavirus membrane (M) protein acts as a dominant immunogen and is a major player in virus assembly.
Furthermore, the ability of the epitope identified in this study to stimulate antibody production was also evaluated.
An immunodominant epitope in the TGEV membrane protein endodomain was identified.
The results of this study have implications for further research on TGEV replication.

197. Document: PMC6519895
Summary : 
The role of physical activity is uncertain [13, 14].
The first four were offered in both formats, either web or paper.
The used kits were returned via regular pre-paid mail.
(II) Viral testing was done on a large scale.

198. Document: 0fda64c5d8b379587c4a2cdf277d95a900ebe02f
Summary : 
Fragment-based methods for drug discovery are increasingly popular because they provide drug leads with greater ligand efficiency than conventional highthroughput screening.
Dynamic screening methods solve this issue by using a protein target as a template for ligand assembly, thus yielding high-affinity binders from low-affinity fragments.
This review summarizes recent work on dynamic screening methodology, which resulted in the development of several high-affinity binders for various targets.
(rademann@fmp-berlin.de) 1 PricewaterhouseCoopers.

200. Document: 2d78b0600b84cfd57e11ba249ee58c159fe517ae
Summary : 
Background: Bovine respiratory syncytial virus (BRSV) and bovine corona virus (BCV) affects cattle worldwide.
The samples were analysed for immunoglobulin G antibodies to BCV and BRSV with indirect enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays.
Herd level data from 1 September 2005 to 30 August 2006 were accessed retrospectively.
The location of the herds was mapped using a geographical information system.

202. Document: 0f696823b86d0f7b63aa5aa354c2fae9f35c87ed
Summary : 
In Theiler's murine encephalomyelitis virus (TMEV) infection, during the first week (acute stage), mice develop polioencephalomyelitis.
Early treatment worsened clinical signs during acute disease.
The exacerbation of acute disease was associated with increased virus titers and decreased immune cell recruitment in the CNS.
Therapeutic iTreg treatment reduced inflammatory demyelination during chronic disease.

204. Document: bbc8c0fb749a7bac1030cf1301654f7063c612dd
Summary : 
Here, we report a crystal structure of EV71 3D pol elongation complex (EC) at 1.8Å resolution.
When mutated, residue R277 showed an impact on virus proliferation in virological studies with residue H44 having a synergistic effect.
We propose that, although rarely captured by crystallography, similar surface pocket interaction with nucleobase may commonly exist in nucleic acid motor enzymes to facilitate their processivity.
Potential applications in antiviral drug and vaccine development are also discussed.

205. Document: 38c9ad4d6eb48945732f8519c795b39b4bdb0c93
Summary : 
In addition, there has been great progress in the development of technology.
This lack of cross-reactivity with human tissue can be confirmed by immunohistochemistry on both adult and embryonic tissues prior to the start of clinical trials.
Many mAbs have been developed in oncology.
In this Review, we show how recent developments in technology have addressed many of these concerns.

206. Document: 26cc3f38f54d8bb124682d382d7b5ffa4df0a257
Summary : 
Complement hyper-activation was also observed in COVID-19 patients, and a promising suppressive effect was observed when the deteriorating patients were treated with anti-C5a monoclonal antibody.
the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
45 All rights reserved.
the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.

207. Document: 2f724b7cfad10b8e35297cd8f000b88f67939d72
Summary : 
The nucleotide identity with feline coronavirus was 91.5%.

208. Document: 30420a081a88b98988e277a508b07af7e7acde41
Summary : 
PLoS ONE 13(3): e0194372.
https://doi.codon known as synonymous codons.
The synonymous codons are not used at equal frequencies in coding sequences in many organisms [1].
But until now, SCUB analysis has been performed only in chloroplast genome of G. hirsutum [36].

209. Document: 12995f91769bf2a2cf4dc7eaca32ee7b637e0301
Summary : 
China is encountering formidable healthcare challenges brought about by the problem of aging.
The challenges of geriatric care demand prompt attention by proposing strategies for improvement in several key areas.
Major diseases of the elderly that need more attention include chronic non-communicable diseases and mental health disorders.
We propose ideas for preparation of the impending aging burden and the creation of a nurturing environment conducive to healthy aging in China.

211. Document: PMC3152767
Summary : 
Rapid global spread was primarily associated with air travel [1].
Five nations did not implement any of the four.
VJF conducted the statistical analyses.
SR participated in interpreting the results.

213. Document: a4995af42a012dd1b7f8da3936d79d78d0e24405
Summary : 
The nonstructural protein 2 (NSP2) is considered to be one of crucial viral proteins in the replication and pathogenesis of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV).
The Gene Ontology and enriched KEGG Pathway bioinformatics analyses indicated that the identified proteins could be assigned to different subcellular locations and functional classes.
Functional analysis of the interactome profile highlighted cellular pathways associated with infectious disease, translation, immune system, nervous system and signal transduction.
Two interested cellular proteins-BCL2-associated athanogene 6 (BAG6) and apoptosisinducing factor 1 (AIF1) which may involve in transporting of NSP2 to Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) or PRRSV-driven apoptosis were validated by Western blot.

214. Document: 54d2fd5689ac3255e8041c36b5fb333a3bd3f9b2
Summary : 
The CoViD-19 outbreak has escalated to a pandemic in the last few weeks, with no signs of stopping.
Pharmaceutical solutions based upon virologic studies, at this point, remain inconclusive.
In contrast, this paper looks towards epidemiological models during this phase of viral growth, in particular, by providing a responsive, timely model of the R value based on the previous few days' results.Such an R value, although bearing less statistical precision due to limited sampling, could allow R to become a more effective, responsive standalone measure of infectious transmission.
It demonstrates that the R value can be used as a dynamic, time-dependent indicator without the use of curve-fitting, and also estimates the most recent R-value of the

215. Document: 9d63191505e7cdb2dc1436228923fc97515e2ea1
Summary : 
were randomly distributed into 2 groups: the normal group (INC) and the infected group (IIBV).
The ilea were collected for morphological assessment, and the ileal contents were collected for 16S rRNA gene sequencing analysis.
Furthermore, the microbial diversity in the ilea decreased and overrepresentation of Enterobacteriaceae and underrepresentation of Chloroplast and Clostridia was found in the NIBVinfected chickens.
In conclusion, these results showed that the significant separation of the two groups and the characterization of the gut microbiome profiles of the chickens with NIBV infection may provide valuable information and promising biomarkers for the diagnosis of this disease.

217. Document: 3268f252e2559df8ea83c97725a4412a003670ad
Summary : 
Influenza A virus (IAV) is a major cause of respiratory illness.
Given the disease severity, associated economic costs, and recent appearance of novel IAV strains, there is a renewed interest in developing novel and efficacious "universal" IAV vaccination strategies.
Recent studies have highlighted that immunizations capable of generating local (i.e., nasal mucosa and lung) tissue-resident memory T and B cells in addition to systemic immunity offer the greatest protection against future IAV encounters.
Altogether our findings show that an intranasally administered nanovaccine can induce immunity within the lungs, similar to what occurs during IAV infections, and thus could prove useful as a strategy for providing "universal" protection against IAV.

223. Document: cbf67540b068488c423bd787d23143b5246a432d
Summary : 
Background: Pneumonia caused 704,000 deaths in children younger than 5 years in 2015.
Zinc is an important micronutrient due to its role in immune function.
Since 2004, WHO recommends zinc supplementation for children with diarrhea to shorten the duration and decrease severity.
Zinc or placebo was given during hospitalization.

225. Document: 0a124d3aa26def70b2db71f68c89dfe1996daf3e
Summary : 
e comparison of skew graphs for many virus isolates or families is difficult, time-consuming, and nonquantitative.
Window and step sizes were normalized to correct for differences in length of the viral genome.
Cumulative skew data are converted into pairwise Euclidean distance matrices, which can be presented as neighbor-joining trees.
We present skew value trees for the four virus families and show that closely related viruses are placed in small clusters.

228. Document: 74de948d0adbf472ee959b8521f40fb4a5aa034a
Summary : 
We suggest that a successful moonshot requires a sufficient understanding of the basic science underlying a problem in question so that efforts can be focused on engineering a solution.
Current gaps in our basic knowledge of cancer biology make the cancer moonshot a uniquely challenging endeavor.
Nevertheless, history has shown that intensive research efforts have frequently yielded conceptual and technological breakthroughs with unanticipated benefits for society.
We expect that this effort will be no different.Shoot for the moon, because even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.-Leslie Brown (18)

229. Document: a42ff48d50aa3a0ebfe840d46ed2204c49955442
Summary : 
December 2019, there have been more than 76,000 cases of COVID-19 in China, causing more than 3,000 medical staff infections.
This study used a modified Brief COPE (Carver, 1997) and a emotional responses scale.The results found that women showed more severe anxiety and fear than men.
The closer COVID-19 is to the participants, the stronger the anxiety and anger.
People may have a cycle of "the more fear, the more problem-focused coping".

230. Document: 2cb893552a3e4a8aa105a96476b02c16bf7bef42
Summary : 
Coronaviruses are an important cause of infectious diseases in humans, including severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), and have the continued potential for emergence from animal species.
A major factor in the host range of a coronavirus is its receptor utilization on host cells.
In many cases, coronavirus-receptor interactions are well understood.
However, a notable exception is the receptor utilization by group 3 coronaviruses, including avian infectious bronchitis virus (IBV).

233. Document: ef586c7c8fe46545e4d236ad74818063b1ac0c10
Summary : 
A Network Pharmacology Study of Huo-Xiang-Zheng-Qi Formula efficacy of the rest 7 herbs (as Zuo).

235. Document: b9ddd16e293b67a223952d835d14b573a41a478d
Summary : 
COVID-19 caused by the emerging human coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2, has become a global pandemic, leading a serious threat to human health.
So far, there is none vaccines or specific antiviral drugs approved for that.
Therapeutic antibodies for SARS-CoV-2, was obtained from hyper immune equine plasma in this study.
As a result, RBD triggered high-titer neutralizing antibodies in vivo, and immunoglobulin fragment F(ab')2 was prepared from horse antisera through removing Fc.

236. Document: PMC1550819
Summary : 
Each received a handout and had time for questions and answers.
The other four trainees observed.5.
In addition we needed two assistants.
SC reviewed the article.

237. Document: PMC3019434
Summary : 
Clinical and epidemiological data were collected using structured questionnaire.
Of 484 specimens, 283 (58.47%) were positive for viral agents.
After that, there were only 2 cases detected.
However, no seasonality was observed for other specific pathogens causing SARI.

239. Document: 79622641e002b2574af9dc7f99d4fbbe192606e6
Summary : 
The COVID-19 pandemic is causing substantial mortality and a major strain on healthcare systems (1,2) .
With no pharmaceutical treatments available, interventions have focused on contact tracing, quarantine, and social distancing.
Intensive testing, tracing, and isolation of cases has enabled control of transmission in some places, such as Singapore and Hong Kong (3).
However, there is concern that such measures may have to stay in place over long .

240. Document: 0ccf161ca222319eceb8fdb800f43faf16cb08dd
Summary : 
Cleavage site prediction is an important issue in molecular biology.
We present a new method that generates prediction rules for SARS-CoV protease cleavage sites.
Our method includes rule extraction from a trained neural network and then enhancing the extracted rules by genetic evolution to improve its quality.
Experimental results show that the method could generate new rules for cleavage site prediction, which are more general and accurate than consensus patterns.

242. Document: 129a60938fc1938cbe00850b0ab4afddc86dc885
Summary : 
During the first 15 years of this century, seven thousand people have been crushed to death in stampedes.

244. Document: d05ba19fb87837ac31ae8501669bb7f74fd5739f
Summary : 
We report here the complete genome sequences of four human coronavirus (HCoV) OC43 isolates generated using targeted viral nucleic acid capture and next-generation sequencing; the isolates were collected in New

246. Document: bf931c3fa287d161d951ce9545d253daaf8a14e0
Summary : 
Positive-sense (+) RNA viruses represent the most abundant group of viruses and are dependent on the host cell machinery to replicate.
One remarkable feature that occurs after (+) RNA virus entry into cells is the remodeling of host endomembranes, leading to the formation of viral replication factories.
These 3D imaging technologies provide new mechanistic insights into the viral infection cycle.
We also outline the mechanisms underlying the formation of these membranous structures and discuss possible future research directions.

247. Document: d17d9c2e082583da2dba7cfc61995f5af37e6851
Summary : 
In this study we propose a novel bacterial vaccine strategy where non-pathogenic bacteria are complemented with traits desirable for the induction of protective immunity.
To illustrate the proof of principle of this novel vaccination strategy, we use the model organism of intracellular immunity Listeria.
The resulting strain (L.inn::vgc) was attenuated for virulence in vivo and showed a strongly reduced host detrimental inflammatory response compared to Lm.
Like Lm, L.inn::vgc induced the production of Type I Interferon's and protection was mediated by Listeria-specific CD8 + T cells.

248. Document: 05958283c5dfdcb3b3e28b3e5ce77553bcfb544f
Summary : 
Baculovirus infects insects in nature and is non-pathogenic to humans, but can transduce a broad range of mammalian and avian cells.

249. Document: bc7c67f8bf777ec11fcdfdbd36ed0c3fb55f2c72
Summary : 
We inform the model with demographic data, contact data and travel statistics of Europe and Mexico, and calibrate it to the 2009 H1N1 pandemic early outbreak.
Higher assortativity in the contact pattern greatly increases the probability of spatial containment of the epidemic, this effect being contrasted by an increase in the social activity of adults vs. children.
Variations in the demographic profile and mixing habits across countries lead to heterogeneous outbreak situations.
The approach provides a general modeling framework that can be used for other types of partitions of the host population and applied to different settings.

251. Document: 5314aaa04b14fdbb926bc8eeb0826eedee66dadc
Summary : 
The health implications of this development are uncertain.
Intensification creates cheaper products, allowing more people to access animal-based foods.
We also offer a conceptual framework to guide systematic research on this problem.
Environ Health Perspect 121:873-877 (2013).

252. Document: fd955af6faa247ced61613abf842cf3affac6bb2
Summary : 
Development of antivirals has focused primarily on vaccines and on treatments for specific viral agents.
Although effective, these approaches may be limited in situations where the etiologic agent is unknown or when the target virus has undergone mutation, recombination or reassortment.
Augmentation of the innate immune response may be an effective alternative for disease amelioration.
Nonspecific, broad-spectrum immune responses can be induced by double-stranded (ds)RNAs such as poly (ICLC), or oligonucleotides (ODNs) containing unmethylated deocycytidyl-deoxyguanosinyl (CpG) motifs.

255. Document: f19f2b01d3520c10962617e9f078ff9a5a850c88
Summary : 
Transplant tourism has increased rapidly in the past two decades, accounting for about 10% of world organ transplants.
Cox proportional hazards models were used to assess the risks of mortality and graft failure.
The numbers of overseas transplantation increased after 2000, reached a peak in 2005 and decreased after 2007.
Similarly, the overseas LT recipients were older, male predominant and had more hepatocellular carcinoma cases.

256. Document: 5f3f613be264f8b10318dfe8e92777fe7a95848e
Summary : 
ILI-specimens negative for influenza were cultured, followed by rRT-PCR for enterovirus and rhinovirus (EV/RV) and EV71.
Influenza was found in 168 cases (29%) and occurred almost exclusively in the rainy season from June to November.
Isolated influenza strains had close antigenic and phylogenetic relationships, matching vaccine and circulating strains found elsewhere in Cambodia.
Influenza vaccination coverage was low (<20%).

257. Document: 4ceca734c7185a61184a7e464e454b7f7d958dba
Summary : 
Multiple pathogens were detected frequently, notably Haemophilus influenzae (mostly nontypeable) together with S. pneumoniae.

258. Document: d708b6876813c3915edcbdda08c014d90ec694ab
Summary : 
This is surprising given the key role that hospitals play in the delivery of healthcare services and the large proportion of health systems resources that they absorb.
To explore the factors that impact upon priority setting at the hospital level, we conducted a thematic review of empirical studies.
A total of 24 papers were identified from developed and developing countries.
We applied a policy analysis framework to examine and synthesize the findings of the selected papers.

260. Document: 6b47bb3bca780af716c9e986d983f1d2364136c4
Summary : 
Background: Acute respiratory tract infections are one of the major causes of morbidity and mortality among young children in developing countries.
Information on the viral aetiology of acute respiratory infections in developing countries is very limited.
Concomitant viral and bacterial co-infection occurred in two patients.
The data addresses a need for more studies on viral associated respiratory tract infection.

261. Document: fe2c4dd2b0a96acbdcd6566d94bf227c497995ef
Summary : 
Of these, 608 symptomatic arrivals (0.2%) including 6 febrile arrivals were analyzed.
: Fever prevalence at an international airport in Korea was 0.002%.
Self-reported fever was significantly positively associated with tympanic temperature (p< 0.001).
Future research can benefit from looking at the sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, and negative predictive value of the entry screening system.

262. Document: 7d6cc862605fbb3a906c07870b27c66552e1fe93
Summary : 
Background As an important anti-HBV drug, pegylated interferon α (PegIFNα) offers promising clinical efficacy, but biomarkers that accurately forecast treatment responses are yet to be elucidated.
Here, we evaluated whether HBV RNA could act as an early monitor of pegylated interferon responses.
Results HBeAg seroconversion and HBsAg loss at week 72 were observed in 217 (29.8%) and 21 (2.9%) patients, respectively.
This optimized cutoff plus patient age, HBV genotype B, and HBeAg offered a strong estimation of HBeAg seroconversion (accuracy 95.2%, true negative rate 99.8%).

263. Document: 3fe4e2a98af36485a9a4dc93c30eef62522af0e0
Summary : 
Background: Severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome virus (SFTSV), which can cause hemorrhagic fever-like illness, is a newly discovered bunyavirus in China.
The pathogenesis of SFTSV infection is poorly understood.
However, it has been suggested that immune mechanisms, including cytokines and chemokines, play an important role in disease pathogenesis.
Patients were divided into two groups -severe or non-severe -based on disease severity.

264. Document: 170f9090454e5e9e132c41e0a635b31782055557
Summary : 
Spike (S) glycoprotein on the viral envelope is the main determinant of infectivity.
These posttranslational modifications may assist in protein folding and play important roles in the functionality of S protein.
N-D and N-Q substitutions at 13 predicted sites were introduced into an infectious clone system.
Further characterization of these and other uncharacterized sites may reveal novel aspects of N-linked glycosylation in coronavirus replication and pathogenesis.

265. Document: c08c3b98a956287a6eaf99f6d90969d7dd1410d1
Summary : 
Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) continues to cause zoonotic infections 17 and serious disease, primarily in the Arabian Peninsula, due to repeated spill-over from dromedary 18 camels and subsequent nosocomial transmission.
Approved MERS vaccines for use in animals or 19 humans are not currently available.
Additionally, PL pro is a deubiquitinating enzyme (DUB) that can 22 remove ubiquitin(-like) moieties from substrates, presumably to counteract host antiviral responses.
This study provides the first 35 direct evidence that the DUB activity of a coronaviral protease contributes to innate immune evasion 36 and can profoundly enhance virulence in an animal model.

267. Document: 13a3aa716eb4d50f9f1a2fccf9b81bda7dbbba60
Summary : 
Objectives: To assess the implementation and outcomes of telemedicine in a Department of Urology in Northern Italy during the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic.Methods: All the outpatient clinical activities during the 4 weeks following the national lockdown (March 9-April 3, 2020) in the Department of Urology of the Trento Province, Italy, were reviewed and categorized.

268. Document: a59a1e31a7d2edf1be120c4a13a454bed64b1593
Summary : 
Emerging and re-emerging RNA viruses occasionally cause epidemics and pandemics worldwide, such as the on-going outbreak of coronavirus SARS-CoV-2.
Thus, host-targeting antiviral (HTA) drugs have many advantages to fight against a broad spectrum of viruses, by blocking the viral replication and overcoming the potential viral mutagenesis simultaneously.
Notably, S416 is reported to be the most potent inhibitor with an EC50 of 17nM and SI value >5882 in SARS-CoV-2-infected cells so far.
This work demonstrates that both our self-designed candidates and old drugs (Leflunomide/Teriflunomide) with dual actions of antiviral and immuno-repression may have clinical potentials not only to influenza but also to

269. Document: 51340894a896316b58653a60c48da9c16b3ad0e3
Summary : 
The repositioning process involves lower risks and costs than the de novo development of novel antimicrobial drugs.
Currently, infections by adenovirus show a steady increment with a high clinical impact in immunosuppressed and immunocompetent patients.
The lack of a safe and efficacious drug to treat these infections supports the search for new antiviral drugs.
Also, we carried out the cytotoxicity evaluation and partial characterization of the mechanism of action of these drugs.

270. Document: d31b3d462fe4af4bac27a166ddfdf39b03c8e911
Summary : 
Given the significance of these clinical manifestations, the development of tools and reagents to study the pathogenesis of ZIKV and to develop new therapeutic options are urgently needed.
In this review, we will summarize the different reverse genetic strategies that have been implemented, to date, for the generation of rZIKVs and the applications of these platforms for the development of replicon systems or reporter-expressing viruses.
The surface of the mature virion has a icosahedral shell consisting of 90 E:M heterodimers ( Figure 1A ) [24] .
The surface of the mature virion has a icosahedral shell consisting of 90 E:M heterodimers ( Figure 1A ) [24] .

274. Document: 856b6b5e0e5baedd6eef6801c3f59305438c47eb
Summary : 
The porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV) is one of the most important swine diseases in the world.
In this review, the biology of the virus will be addressed focusing on newly discovered functions of non-structural proteins and novel dissemination mechanisms.
As nanocarriers of lipids, proteins and nucleic acids, exosomes have potential effects on cell activation, modulation of immune responses and antigen presentation.
Thus, representing a novel vaccination approach against this devastating disease.

277. Document: 80747f397615967a430214adcd1541728934daae
Summary : 
The protection level was estimated as 0.4 [0.2, 0.7].
Introduction All rights reserved.
To adjust the data, we applied the following regression.
No reuse allowed without permission.

278. Document: 5e78cd85d425e3bfef6fe7cfabbcfa1cf6ae1859
Summary : 
Background: On December 2019, Novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) was detected in Wuhan, China, and then spread around the world.
There is little information about effects of COVID-19 on Pregnant women and newborns as a sensitive population.
Heterogeneity of the included studies was assessed using the Cochran Q test and Higgins I 2 statistic and expressed as percentage.
: medRxiv preprint 36.9 weeks.

279. Document: 38bed8a14f2f6103cf5f8ddc6db772c8ab52f7c4
Summary : 
Infectious bronchitis (IB) is one of the major economically important poultry diseases distributed worldwide.
It is caused by infectious bronchitis virus (IBV) and affects both galliform and nongalliform birds.
Thus, disease outcome may be influenced by the organ or tissue involved as well as pathotypes or strain of the infecting virus.
This review discusses aspects on pathogenesis and diagnostic methods for IBV infection.

280. Document: 08dd1169c7aa45621e5f48bf6246b049e071e445
Summary : 
Knowing when, and to what extent co-extracted inhibitors interfere with molecular RNA diagnostic assays is of utmost importance.
Real-Time Reverse Transcriptase Polymerase Chain Reaction (rRT-PCR) of MS-2 coliphage spiked into each system's lysis buffer served as an external control for both.
MS2 rRT-PCR inhibition varied for RNAs extracted by the different systems.
EasyMag performed the best, however all four extraction methods were suitable provided that external controls identified problematic samples.

281. Document: PMC3038973
Summary : 
Therefore it is impossible to completely rule out adverse effects of the infection.
NH performed autopsy.
TO participated in collecting blood samples.
TS conceived of the study, and participated in its design and coordination.

283. Document: 80ce020acc7d023a1bc60a5f42c2afc937e3a200
Summary : 
Background: Acute respiratory tract infections are an important public health problem.
Sensitive and rapid diagnostic techniques have been developed and are used in daily clinical practice.
Results: Of 177 patients included in this retrospective study, 73% were positive for at least one virus.
Respiratory syncytial virus (36.6%) and human rhinovirus (24%) were most frequently detected.

285. Document: 9721af1b88d60abbff468d841941f85a13731861
Summary : 
Background: Pseudomonas aeruginosa is the most common bacterial pathogen in patients with cystic fibrosis (CF).
Methods: A cross-sectional study was undertaken of 15 children and 13 adults with CF, 26 chronically infected with P aeruginosa.
Standardised quantitative culture and genotyping techniques were used.
In four cases the same genotype was isolated from ambient room air.

287. Document: 0cad40f50e41144e8b64744251515eca8cfac5f7
Summary : 
In this paper, we estimate the reproductive number R 0 of COVID-19 based on Wallinga and Lipsitch framework [11] and a novel statistical time delay dynamic system.
We use the observed data reported in CCDC's paper to estimate distribution of the generation interval of the infection and apply the simulation results from the time delay dynamic system as well as released data from CCDC to fit the growth rate.
The conclusion is: Based our Fudan-CCDC model, the growth rate r of COVID-19 is almost in [0.30, 0.32] which is larger than the growth rate 0.1 estimated by CCDC [9], and the reproductive number R 0 of COVID-19 is estimated by 3.25 ≤ R 0 ≤ 3.4 if we simply use R = 1 + r * T c with T c = 7.5, which is bigger than that of SARS.
Some evolutions and predictions are listed.

288. Document: ab23c1ed37392d4e2dbbd809e62171775e75369b
Summary : 
Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome caused substantial morbidity and mortality during the 2002-2003 epidemic.
All of these defects are corrected when mice are treated with liposomes containing clodronate, which deplete alveolar macrophages (AM).
The inhibitory effects of AM can also be nullified if mice or AMs are pretreated with poly I:C, which directly activate AMs and rDCs through toll-like receptors 3 (TLR3).
Further, adoptive transfer of activated but not resting bone marrow-derived dendritic cells (BMDC) protect mice from lethal MA15 infection.

289. Document: PMC4324153
Summary : 
Among other events, it led to the cloning of a cDNA encoding IL-2 (2).
Cultures were harvested 3–5 days later after a brief pulse with tritiated thymidine.
The combination of IL-10 and TGFβ further enhances the IgA2 response.
I am indebted in the numerous students and colleagues from Schering–Plough and DNAX who worked with me on these various projects.

290. Document: c4943b5cc55140da6a5bbf9e5ecb5d6729f0728d
Summary : 
Canine viral diarrhea is a severe disease in dogs worldwide.
The role of canine parvovirus (CPV) in canine viral diarrhea is a common health problem in dogs, attracting major concern from veterinarians and dog owners across China.
In this mini-review, we summarize the CPV epidemiology in China, including its origin, prevalence, coinfection, and the genetic evolution of the virus.
This mini-review will provide valuable information for CPV infections across China and other countries.

291. Document: 849323d550c05b7686a3ce258800f42fbd5f46be
Summary : 
eHAV lacks virusencoded surface proteins, and how it enters cells is unknown.
We show both virion types enter by clathrin-and dynamin-dependent endocytosis, facilitated by integrin b 1 , and traffic through early and late endosomes.
Neither virion requires PLA2G16, a phospholipase essential for entry of other picornaviruses.
Thus naked and quasi-enveloped virions enter via similar endocytic pathways, but uncoat in different compartments and release their genomes to the cytosol in a manner mechanistically distinct from other Picornaviridae.

294. Document: 49471df378964515ebc4e4f35f1248d84ac7d626
Summary : 
The recent emergence of a novel coronavirus in the Middle East (designated MERS-CoV) is a reminder of the zoonotic and pathogenic potential of emerging coronaviruses in humans.
Clinical features of Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS) include atypical pneumonia and progressive respiratory failure that is highly reminiscent of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) caused by SARS-CoV.
The host response is a key component of highly pathogenic respiratory virus infection.
Robust transcriptional changes distinguished the two MERS-CoV strains predominantly at the late time points.

295. Document: 0597fe4660f3e0988c92a685d615b4a38a5527e0
Summary : 
Levels of genetic variation differed among geographic regions, and mountain lions that inhabited coastal areas exhibited less heterozygosity than those sampled inland.

296. Document: 8ad351ba522675d0ec4fa73713649bcfa9453447
Summary : 
There was a pandemic of influenza A (H1N1) in 2009; in Korea, there was also an H1N1 epidemic in 2016.
A total of 28 patients were treated in 2016, and 34 in 2009.
There was no significant difference in SOFA scores on ICU admission day.
By multivariable analyses, the treatment year 2016 was associated with a greater likelihood of survival.

298. Document: d5a1fed3fc7baf4e31c897ec639995106e9fae78
Summary : 
To 32 develop specific anti-coronavirus therapeutics and prophylactics, the molecular 33 mechanism that underlies viral infection must first be confirmed.
73 Coronaviruses (CoVs), the largest RNA viruses identified so far, belonging to the 74 Coronaviridae family, are divided into 4 genera, α-, β-, δ-and γ-coronaviruses, while 75 the β-coronaviruses are further divided into A, B, C, and D lineages.
S2 subunit contains fusion peptide (FP), heptad repeat 1 (HR1), heptad 132 repeat 2 (HR2), transmembrane domain (TM) and cytoplasmic domain (CP) (Fig.
Indeed, in live 138 author/funder.

299. Document: 68a0699074f22efda1d55a5a52d31bcc7c0dbb7b
Summary : 
We assessed risk of bias for each individual study and used GRADE to ascertain the certainty of the evidence.
We conducted a narrative and tabulated synthesis of the results.
These interventions increased confidence in support and training, pandemic self-efficacy, and interpersonal problems solving (very low certainty).
(which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .

301. Document: b4fc44eabb1f640124fff98990c85dc5c9984aee
Summary : 
Here, we report 16 a high-resolution map of ribosomal occupancy of the Zika virus genome during infection of 17 mammalian and insect cells, obtained by ribosome profiling.
Curiously, in African isolates of Zika virus, the two 24 uORFs are fused in-frame into a single uORF.
A parallel RNA-Seq analysis reveals the 5' end 25 .
CC-BY 4.0 International license is made available under a

302. Document: 048e7e6bb5b0484b0b5dfb154c2538495dd58e11
Summary : 
The known isoforms of PSG16 are Nterminally truncated relative to other PSG family proteins and are expressed in neurons as well as in the placenta.

304. Document: 18c21db94a22f1358057c6d797164ffe1585b395
Summary : 
Objective: The intent of this study was to examine the recovery of individuals who had been hospitalized for severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) in the year following their discharge from the hospital.
Of those testing positive, the serum levels of SARS-CoV IgG antibody decreased significantly during the 12 months after hospital discharge.
Additionally, we found that the individuals who had lung fibrosis showed some spontaneous recovery.
Finally, some of the subjects developed femoral head necrosis.

305. Document: PMC3630398
Summary : 
The genome sequence of PEDV strain JS2008 was deposited in GenBank under accession number KC109141.

306. Document: b8b5777e309626389bb1a1565dc36b2076733b0d
Summary : 
However, potential cytotoxic effects of pyrolysis temperature on cells is underexplored.
The synthesized CDs entered the cells without any significant cytotoxicity.
The CDs also caused a concentration-and irradiation time-dependent photo-induced cytotoxicity.
Conclusion: The optimization of synthesis conditions from this study may help develop safe and efficient CDs for imaging and drug delivery.

307. Document: 6a5d030ebc7695f82f5dd6e738f9aee0d24633b3
Summary : 
Background: Swine-origin virus infection spreading widely could cause significant economic loss to porcine industry.
Novel antiviral agents need to be developed to control this situation.
Protection effect of piscidin against pseudorabies virus (PRV) was also examined in mouse model.
Among the peptides tested, piscidin showed the strongest activity against PRV.

309. Document: e08fd10fdca108b6e467c4fa33773ae4a7e52b71
Summary : 
We collected the epidemiological data to analyze the trend of this epidemic in China.

310. Document: 96602c07c439a97e001abcd2e9c85fda998d64c6
Summary : 
Typically not assisted by proofreading, the RNAdependent RNA polymerases (RdRPs) encoded by the RNA viruses may need to independently control its fidelity to fulfill virus viability and fitness.
However, the precise mechanism by which the RdRP maintains its optimal fidelity level remains largely elusive.
When crystallized, some of these NS5B interface mutants maintained the interface, while the others adopted an 'open' conformation that no longer retained the intra-molecular interactions.
Collectively, our work demonstrates an explicit and unique mode of polymerase fidelity modulation and provides a vivid example of co-evolution in multi-domain enzymes.

311. Document: 3ba1be6ad61854f68d5d05c1bd9b046479a9dafd
Summary : 
It has also been associated with kidney damage in the broiler flocks.
The aim of the present study is to determine the presence of IBV and its possible involvement in kidney damage of broiler chicks.
The molecular detection of avian IBV by RT-PCR identified six samples as positive, of which only two isolates were typable by sequencing.
Combination of the HI test and RT-PCR indicated that the nephropathogenic IB outbreaks in broilers are related to this novel strain.

312. Document: 29da5f5d00af5c47f9b3a0a49d561f8caffb0cf3
Summary : 
has exerted antiviral properties against several viruses.
Methods: Colostrums-deprived piglets were inoculated with porcine rotavirus K85 (G5P[7]) strain.
On the onset of diarrhea, piglets were treated with different concentration of GUE.
Therapy of this herbal medicine can be a viable medication for curing rotaviral enteritis in animals and humans.

313. Document: 005f37ed7fb9d0a45b613c2b3bc1bdbafc4f26ed
Summary : 
Biological oscillators are vital to living organisms, which use them as clocks for time-sensitive processes.
We present what may be the simplest possible reliable gene network oscillator, a self-repressing gene.
We show that binding cooperativity, which has not been considered in detail in this context, can combine with small numbers of intermediate steps to create coherent oscillation.
We also note that noise blurs the line between oscillatory and non-oscillatory behavior.

314. Document: 0712e5735c51991b7e0ce4bd5e63882703863459
Summary : 
The appearance of Cryptococcus gattii in the North American Pacific Northwest (PNW) in 1999 was an unexpected and is still an unexplained event.
Recent phylogenomic analyses strongly suggest that this pathogenic fungus arrived in the PNW approximately 7 to 9 decades ago.
In 1964, a tsunami flooded local coastal regions, transporting C. gattii to land.
This hypothesis suggests experimental work for its validation or refutation.

315. Document: PMC7096066
Summary : 
Matching clinical dispositions can be considered in efforts to develop therapeutic interventions.
In addition to this, patchy infiltrates are present [11].
It potently reduces hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction [21].
Deranged respiratory parameters that are present in both conditions are highlighted.

316. Document: 704eebd9653b61d2dfbe1483d1a616e6836eeec8
Summary : 
Viscous sputum specimens usually cannot undergo automated extraction, and thus, a pre-homogenization process is desirable before isolating nucleic acids for real-time reverse transcription PCR.
In this study, we compared three preprocessing methods [preprocessing with normal saline (NS), dithiothreitol (DTT), and proteinase K (PK)] of sputum specimens on the extraction and detection of influenza A virus (IAV) nucleic acids.
Based on the experimental results of 217 specimens, we found that DTT and PK could be used to improve the homogenization effects of sputum and increase the positive rates by 5.53-6.91% higher than that of the NS group.
Thus, sputum homogenization before nucleic acid extraction is essential for the accurate diagnosis of IAV infection.

317. Document: e53455e72c6f41b5328175d2297717fbece5c6a0
Summary : 
Cardiac tamponade is a medical emergency that requires immediate treatment.
[Clin Pract Cases Emerg Med.
A formal parasternal long-axis view of the heart of the patient when she re-presented the following day.
A large pericardial effusion can be seen.

318. Document: 77c5a33cacec66e3eecf748902a04cd245df6e0f
Summary : 
However, the mechanism of severe encephalitis has not been fully elucidated.
In this study, using a mouse model, we investigated the pathogenetic mechanisms that correlate with fatal JEV infection.
Interestingly, there were no significant differences of viral load in the CNS between WT and TNF-α KO mice.
In future, further elucidation of the immunoregulatory mechanism of TNF-α will be an important priority to enable the development of effective treatment strategies for Japanese encephalitis.

319. Document: 7234aab6f4e46d4349fee1e8b38412a5eaebbe3f
Summary : 
Rift Valley fever virus (RVFV) (genus Phlebovirus, family Bunyaviridae) is a negative-stranded RNA virus with a tripartite genome.
RVFV is transmitted by mosquitoes and causes fever and severe hemorrhagic illness among humans, and fever and high rates of abortions in livestock.
A nonstructural RVFV NSs protein inhibits the transcription of host mRNAs, including interferon-b mRNA, and is a major virulence factor.
RVFV NSs promoted post-transcriptional downregulation of PKR early in the course of the infection and suppressed the phosphorylated eIF2a accumulation.

321. Document: 5d1e7636378e32ba1d2228d2ec7b3f82ac2661e3
Summary : 
It has strong foundations rooted in over a century of discoveries in the field of virology and recent advances in molecular biology and sequencing technologies.
Viruses are, in fact, much more than regular parasites.
Viromic studies are just starting to address some of these issues but they still lag behind microbial metagenomics.
In recent years, however, higher-throughput analysis and resequencing have rekindled interest in a field that is just starting to show its true potential.

322. Document: 1f345c5a7a02b742ca70ce9233c80a200af974b6
Summary : 
Canine acute diarrhoea is frequently observed in first opinion practice, though little is known about commonly used diagnostic or therapeutic management plans, including use of antimicrobials.
We used multivariable analysis to explore factors potentially associated with pharmaceutical agent prescription, and resolution of clinical signs by 10 days post-initial presentation.
Nearly a quarter of cases were judged lost to follow-up (n=754).
Hence, this study supports the view that antimicrobials are largely unnecessary for acute diarrhoea cases; this being of particular importance when considering the global threat posed by antimicrobial resistance.

324. Document: 7d77a852039f1cfc2c13843ecfa721c1fe49528c
Summary : 
All participants underwent clinical evaluation by a pediatrician and lung ultrasonography by one of three general practitioners.
We also consecutively enrolled children without respiratory symptoms.
Children with respiratory symptoms had a chest radiograph.
We obtained ancillary laboratory testing in a subset.

326. Document: 07aae288f5809a272291eacddbf05d279af0bbc2
Summary : 
12 Summary: Genome sequences constitute the primary evidence on the origin and spread 13 of the 2019-2020 Covid-19 pandemic.
Rapid comparative analysis of coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 14 genomes is critical for disease control, outbreak forecasting, and developing clinical interven-15 tions.
We resolve the direction of mutations by using a bat-associated 18 genome as outgroup.
At a broader evolutionary time scale, a companion browser provides gene-19 by-gene and codon-by-codon evolutionary rates to facilitate the search for molecular targets of 20 clinical interventions.

327. Document: 29621887690af716dac0c244eeb95bce74fa8755
Summary : 
Influenza A virus (IAV) is a widespread infectious agent commonly found in mammalian and avian species.
In humans, IAV is a respiratory pathogen that causes seasonal infections associated with significant morbidity in young and elderly populations, and has a large economic impact.
Moreover, IAV has the potential to cause both zoonotic spillover infection and global pandemics, which have significantly greater morbidity and mortality across all ages.
Finally, we proposed an emerging role for mast cells in other viral infections associated with significant host pathology.

328. Document: 699ffcdbc72afc6d6243a7d0dbd50cc055d03aeb
Summary : 
that ectoparasites might serve as viral vectors, but evidence to date is scant.
Bat flies, in particular, are highly specialized obligate hematophagous ectoparasites that incidentally bite humans.
Mitochondrial DNA analyses revealed that both the bat flies and their bat hosts belong to putative new species.
Our findings highlight the possibility of a yetto-be-discovered diversity of potentially pathogenic viruses in bat ectoparasites.

329. Document: 0e5c57371f4f2cf8e3d56871a391c25ee43aaa4f
Summary : 
Background: Lycorine, a natural alkaloid extracted from Amaryllidaceae, has shown various pharmacological effects.
Recent studies have focused on the potential antitumor activity of lycorine.
Cell viability was monitored using the method of CCK-8.
Lycorine treatment also significantly upregulated the expression of p53 and its target gene product, p21.

330. Document: 64b4ec9158c8f378000f3d15492f317f19baeafb
Summary : 
Important successes have been obtained in protecting individuals against many deleterious pathological situations after parenteral vaccination.
Moreover, needle-free mucosal delivery of vaccines is advantageous in terms of safety, compliance, and ease of administration.
Until now, only few mucosally applicable vaccine formulations have been developed and successfully tested.
The review aims at summarizing recent development in the field of mucosal vaccination using lipid-based particles.

331. Document: c9c34b0ef9eacdf1bce00a71e1ff612479c3f004
Summary : 
Rickettsiae can cause life-threatening infections in humans.
Macrophages are one of the initial targets for rickettsiae after inoculation by ticks.
Further analysis found the colocalization of LC3 with a small portion of R. australis and Rickettsiacontaining double-membrane-bound vacuoles in the BMMs of B6 mice.
These data highlight the contribution of Atg5 in macrophages to the pathogenesis of rickettsial diseases.

332. Document: f4117ab009596bf0f4ab6391615d5124125b1006
Summary : 
Picornaviruses induce dramatic rearrangements of endomembranes in the cells that they infect to produce dedicated platforms for viral replication.
These structures, termed replication organelles (ROs), have been well characterized for the Enterovirus genus of the Picornaviridae.
However, it is unknown whether the diverse RO morphologies associated with enterovirus infection are conserved among other picornaviruses.
The origin, dynamic morphology, and PI4P-independent formation of encephalomyocarditis virus replication organelles.

333. Document: ee3cc22161595e877450737882a52950fd179672
Summary : 
Three reported a precedent viral infection.
Main Imaging Findings.
Serologic findings were inconclusive.
Serologic testing might be considered in future patients.

334. Document: b07ebfcd149b785998d9a32a9b151e83e9f46c67
Summary : 
Background: Differentiating bacterial from viral pneumonia is important for guiding targeted management and judicious use of antibiotics.
We assessed if clinical characteristics and blood inflammatory biomarkers could be used to distinguish bacterial from viral pneumonia.
Methods: Western Australian children (≤17 years) hospitalized with radiologically-confirmed community-acquired pneumonia were recruited and clinical symptoms and management data were collected.
We investigated whether better discrimination could be achieved by combining biomarker values with the presence/absence of symptoms.

335. Document: ac3e33b6ed12e43208d76bf455f3b81067e6ac6d
Summary : 
We estimated the initial basic reproduction number for South Korea, the Guangdong province and mainland China as 2.6 (95% confidence interval (CI): (2.5, 2.7)), 3.0 (95%CI: (2.6, 3.3)) and 3.8 (95%CI: (3.5,4.2)), respectively, given a serial interval with mean of 5 days with standard deviation of 3 days.
We also project the epidemic trend in South Korea under different scenarios where a portion or the entirety of the integrated package of interventions in China is used.
We show that a coherent and integrated approach with stringent public health interventions is the key to the success of containing the epidemic in China and specially its provinces outside its epicenter, and we show that this approach can also be effective to mitigate the burden of the COVID-19 epidemic in South Korea.
The experience of outbreak control in mainland China should be a guiding reference for the rest of the world including South Korea.

336. Document: d07d6b58460992a4530b7b24d66e8b3861036a50
Summary : 
If these effects were inhibited using compounds targeting Na + /H + exchangers, myosin II, PAK1, and other factors, no infection was observed.
The RSV was rapidly and efficiently internalized by an actin-dependent process that had all hallmarks of macropinocytosis.
Rab5 was required for infection.
This cleavage by a furin-like protease removed a small peptide from the F1 subunits, and made the virus infectious.

337. Document: dbbf1b6713b9819bbe78a272e728951afa62ef95
Summary : 
Infectious disease nucleic acid amplification technologies (NAAT) have superior sensitivity, specificity, and rapid time to result compared to traditional microbiological methods.
In the current study, we evaluate the performance of six novel NA extraction technologies from different developers using blinded panels of stool, sputum and blood spiked with variable amounts of quality-controlled DNA-and/or RNA-based microbes.
The technologies were ranked based on overall diagnostic accuracy (analytical sensitivity and specificity).
Sample input and output volumes, total processing time, user-required manual steps and cost estimates were also examined for suitability in RLS.

338. Document: 0e46f380b9d3d066fb9a46098731ae1247ccc4e7
Summary : 
Material and methods: A questionnaire survey was conducted by purposive sampling of 128 hospitals (36% of total hospitals in surveyed provinces), including 25 provincial and 103 district level hospitals, from 20 provinces in Vietnam.
Data on availability of hospital characteristics, structural resources and health care workers was then analyzed.
Results: Most hospitals (N80%) reported having 60% of the relevant structural resources.
There was a limited availability of arterial blood gas analyzers (13.7%), oseltamivir (42.2%) and N95 respirators (54.6%) across all hospitals surveyed.

339. Document: c2749a18c00e1668167a5f65d6d9ff7896f25465
Summary : 
Respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) infection is the leading cause of hospitalisation for respiratory diseases among children under 5 years old.
A strong trend for annual cycles with a stable stationary pattern in the five regions was identified through wavelet analysis of the indicators.
The timing of RSV activity by Fourier analysis was similar between the two indicators analysed and showed regional differences.
This study reinforces the importance of adjusting the immunisation period for high risk population with the monoclonal antibody palivizumab taking into account regional differences in seasonality of RSV.

340. Document: 0a87078a7bf68dfb7f29a3949d7cdfa00349efed
Summary : 
The results of this analysis were summarized in a system diagram.
The authors reviewed a sample of recent outbreaks to determine how they were detected, with reference to the system diagram.
Primary data collection occurs at the level of clinical health care systems and local health agencies.
The authors conclude that the current U.S. approach to detection of disease outbreaks is complex and involves many organizations interacting in a loosely coupled manner.

342. Document: 0b028bc596add636668e7b46cf681d1011a4139e
Summary : 
Nipah virus (NiV) is a new zoonotic paramyxovirus that emerged in 1998 and is now classified in the genus Henipavirus along with the closely related Hendra virus (HeV).
NiV is highly pathogenic in several vertebrate species including humans, and the lack of available vaccines or specific treatment restricts it to biosafety level 4 (BSL4) containment.
The neutralization titers were obtained by counting GFP-expressing cells or by measuring fluorescence.
The results obtained with the VSV-NiV-GFP based test correlated with those obtained using live NiV.

343. Document: PMC3170337
Summary : 
Thiomersal (thimerosal) is added as a preservative.
The symptoms included in the questionnaire are presented in Appendix 1.
This is a rate of 6.7%.
I.e.

346. Document: bd8f57ea4aadeda075d557f566a1909d68e658c4
Summary : 
By press time, more than 70,000 infected people had been confirmed worldwide.
However, it has increased transmissibility as compared with the SARS-CoV, e.g.
very often infected individuals without any symptoms could still transfer the virus to others.
Reaction time varied from 15-40 minutes, depending on the loading of virus in the collected samples.

349. Document: 1506c3c38c0d1d33d49fac456b8e1111ab606c63
Summary : 
In 2014, there were further outbreaks of the disease occurring within four months of each other.
In total, we have observed 1048 nucleotide substitutions throughout the genome.
In contrast, EAS1/2014 isolate was grouped with CV777, LZC and SM98, a classical variant.
This study warrants further investigations into molecular epidemiology and genetic evolution of the PEDV in Thailand.

351. Document: 45510604115249ca0df4da68553498f079b7911f
Summary : 
Positive-strand (+)RNA viruses are important and emerging pathogens of humans, animals, and plants.
Upon infection, they induce the formation of specialized membranous replication organelles with unique lipid composition to facilitate robust virus replication.
In this article, the authors discuss the proviral role of virus-induced membrane contact sites (vMCSs).
The emerging picture is that vMCSs channel lipids to viral membranes and tune the lipid composition for optimal generation and functioning of replication organelles.

352. Document: ae165f6805cbb0b5c688d4d5e5a89b6b7c16fae0
Summary : 
Lawsonia intracellularis, an obligate intracellular bacterium, is an important enteric pathogen in pig herds and horse farms worldwide.
The hallmark feature of L. intracellularis infection is the proliferation of epithelial cells in intestinal crypts.
A major limitation to the study of L. intracellularis infection is the lack of an in vitro model that reproduces the changes observed in proliferative enteropathy.
L. intracellularis antigen was detected in mouse enteroids by immunohistochemistry and was located mostly in the basal region of the epithelium.

353. Document: PMC6977335
Summary : 
No.
No.
No.
Overall, this assay demonstrated 86.5% PPV and 97.8% NPV.

354. Document: PMC3064566
Summary : 
Chytridiomycosis spread by African clawed frogs [4]).
Likewise, there may discrepancies between source codes, with switches between e.g.
exchange between zoos or export for scientific purposes.
No response was received from the Management Authorities from Kazakhstan.

355. Document: b4f6baab270ef953349d05c6f2936803c92bf4b4
Summary : 
Capybaras (Hydrochoerus hydrochaeris), the world's largest rodents, are distributed throughout South America.
There is limited information on the viruses circulating through capybaras.
This study aimed to expand the knowledge on the viral diversity associated with capybaras by sampling their faeces.
A total of 148 complete genomes of viruses in the Microviridae family were identified.

356. Document: PMC4355554
Summary : 
The number of total publications has been increasing since 21st century.
will see the expiration of their patents in the US over the next few years.
To address this problem, improving the cells expression is necessary.
To change the status, actions should be taken by the government.

357. Document: 88395bf2fdca68c0eb033b14655275547bdcd714
Summary : 
It is not understood whether HCoV-HKU1 S protein has similar activity.
Both S proteins were found in the endoplasmic reticulum.
Through PERK kinase they activated the transcription of UPR effector genes such as Grp78, Grp94 and CHOP.
N-linked glycosylation was not required for the activation of the UPR by S proteins.

360. Document: da6eca2ce0887d1ac0cf592d964a42717bcaa33b
Summary : 
Despite a plethora of studies demonstrating significant morbidity and mortality due to community-acquired respiratory viral (CRV) infections in intensively treated hematology patients, and despite the availability of evidence-based guidelines for the diagnosis and management of respiratory viral infections in this setting, there is no uniform inclusion of respiratory viral infection management in the clinical hematology routine.
Nevertheless, timely diagnosis and systematic management of CRV infections in intensively treated hematology patients has a demonstrated potential to significantly improve outcome.
We have briefly summarized the recently published data on CRV infection epidemiology, as well as guidelines on the diagnosis and management of CRV infections in patients intensively treated for hematological malignancies.
We have also assessed available treatment options, as well as mentioned novel agents currently in development.

362. Document: d508ee56bf2773ed13b19b85295c8e8709781bb7
Summary : 
Background: Extraordinary infection control measures limited access to medical care in the Greater Toronto Area during the 2003 Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) outbreak.
The population of Ontario was grouped into the Greater Toronto Area (N = 2.9 million) and the rest of Ontario (N = 9.3 million) based upon the level of restrictions on delivery of clinical services during the SARS outbreak.
Effects on morbidity and long-term mortality were not assessed.
Efforts to contain future infectious disease outbreaks due to influenza or other agents must consider effects on access to essential health care services.

363. Document: a21bbf97490642e6230c9c6eeece5cb99447b566
Summary : 
Knowledge of the diversity of coronaviruses in wildlife is therefore essential to better understand and prevent emergence events.
This study explored the presence of coronaviruses in four wild mammal orders in France: Bats, rodents, lagomorphs, and hedgehogs.
Betacoronavirus and Alphacoronavirus genera were identified.
The results obtained suggest the circulation of potentially evolving virus strains, with the potential to cross the species barrier.

364. Document: 9fd83230962e678e8ec4d5dffee0bb431e19c2d9
Summary : 
Background: Numerous protocols for viral enrichment and genome amplification have been created.
The MVSK had the lowest Ct values for ADV and PIV3.
The RMK revealed the lowest detectability for HMPV and PIV3.
The most effective rate of NGS data at 67.47% was observed with the RPMK.

365. Document: a3ad970870495c1bc1fd7cc4eb6f815b486479c8
Summary : 
The Armed Forces Health Surveillance Center, Global Emerging Infections Surveillance and Response System (AFHSC-GEIS) has the mission of performing surveillance for emerging infectious diseases that could affect the United States (U.S.) military.
This mission is accomplished by orchestrating a global portfolio of surveillance projects, capacity-building efforts, outbreak investigations and training exercises.
In 2009, this portfolio involved 39 funded partners, impacting 92 countries.
This article discusses the current biosurveillance landscape, programmatic details of organization and implementation, and key contributions to force health protection and global public health in 2009.

369. Document: 214ef8154bf31571fcb97fd44b8403df7e208e80
Summary : 
Early detection of COVID-19 based on chest CT will enable timely treatment of patients and help control the spread of the disease.
Here, we propose an artificial intelligence (AI) system for fast COVID-19 diagnosis with an accuracy comparable to experienced radiologists.
In a reader study involving five radiologists, only one radiologist is slightly more accurate than the AI system.
The AI system is two orders of magnitude faster than radiologists and the code is available at https : //github.com

371. Document: b0022167496e4388b198ab691103ffe066e0c9cc
Summary : 
The complete genome sequence of a reassortant field strain of bluetongue virus serotype 16 (BTV-16), isolated from cattle in the Apulia region of Italy in 2002, has been determined by Illumina sequencing.

373. Document: 2fef395624ecfc1747991a5cb4b9b2282aeac208
Summary : 
Microbial infections are as old as the hosts they sicken, but interest in the emergence of pathogens and the diseases they cause has been accelerating rapidly.
Both the term and the phenomena it is meant to characterize have evolved and diversified over time, leading to inconsistencies and confusion.
We examine the pathways (e.g., speciation or strain differentiation in the causative agent vs. rapid geographic expansion of an existing pathogen) by which diseases emerge.
We propose a new framework for disease and pathogen emergence to improve prioritization.

374. Document: 359417eec03774de55b638845646f0f377f35de8
Summary : 
To date, no integrated analysis of patient-derived and external factors has been reported.
Merging these claims data with cohort data provides a powerful research resource.
Almost all patients (98.8%) were current or former smokers.
The mean CAT score was 15.8 ± 7.4 and the CAT score was ≥10 in 79.0% of the patients.

376. Document: 01d5e41673c2f3ff2b1f7ba280376176d848688d
Summary : 
Of the total suspended bacteria cultured in an indoor environment, Staphylococcus was dominant and occupied 49.0 to 61.3 % of indoor air.
Staphylococcus and S. aureus concentrations correlated with indoor temperature (adjusted β: 0.4440 and 0.403, p<0.0001).
Also, a strong negative correlation between adenovirus concentrations and relative humidity in indoor air was observed (r = −0.808, p < 0.01).
Furthermore, temperature also negatively correlated with adenovirus concentrations (r=−0.559, p<0.05).

377. Document: 257c4916d1ec89f09d6d2b42b42042b6aeaa41bb
Summary : 
However, accurate viral and immunologic markers to predict clinical outcomes of this patient population are still lacking.
Samples of patients with hematologic malignancies, solid tumors, or sickle cell disease were included.
Clinical information from institutional medical records was reviewed to assess disease severity.
Digital PCR offers an effective method to monitor the efficacy of antiviral treatment for respiratory tract infections in immunocompromised hosts.

378. Document: d78b99436685b3f545dedc32f1166776b916abd6
Summary : 
PEDV was first detected in the U.S. in May 2013 and spread rapidly across the country.
However, the IFA has several disadvantages, including low throughput and relatively subjective interpretation.
All three assays detected seroconversion of naïve animals within 6-9 days post exposure.
Each assay format has advantages that dictate how they will be used in the field.

379. Document: c9fee561c2a3834645dbb61dc4ae6448051da492
Summary : 
Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) are known to be important regulators during virus infection.
Here, we describe a comprehensive transcriptome profile of lncRNA in PDCoV-infected swine testicular (ST) cells.
In total, 1,308 annotated and 1,190 novel lncRNA candidate sequences were identified.
Furthermore, we constructed a lncRNA-protein-coding gene co-expression interaction network.

381. Document: PMC5589696
Summary : 
RBD is responsible for interacting with one or more cellular receptors.
This bundle triggers an opening through the membrane, as described elsewhere [64].
So, NPC1 could be a critical hub between external cholesterol uptake and internal biosynthetic pathways.
This would result in relatively high MOIs, thus enhancing infection and spread.

382. Document: 589fe7dd846e7bbab5e7d6dacf7fab2ca6c4f340
Summary : 
Results show that both direct and indirect contacts between free-grazing duck flocks were frequent and diverse.
The flocks were transported extensively across district and province boundaries, mainly by boat but also by truck or on foot.
A third of the investigated flocks had a positive influenza A virology test, indicating current circulation of avian influenza viruses, but none were positive for H5 subtypes.
The age and size of the flock as well as its location at the time of sampling were associated with the risk of influenza A circulation in the flocks.

383. Document: e7a8dfcde06b70cb86b30074d9008635252d6301
Summary : 
Immunoinformatics is an emergent branch of informatics science that long ago pullulated from the tree of knowledge that is bioinformatics.
To a great extent, immunoinformatics is typified by epitope prediction methods.
It has found disappointingly limited use in the design and discovery of new vaccines, which is an area where proper computational support is generally lacking.
In this chapter we attempt to review what progress there has been in an asyet-underexplored area of immunoinformatics: the computational discovery of whole protein antigens.

385. Document: 70f3c90a651224f9292378da905af4ec635d5f43
Summary : 
Since 1976, there have been 885,343 suspected and laboratory confirmed cases of EVD and the disease has claimed 2,512 cases and 932 fatality in West Africa.
There are certain requirements that must be met when responding to EVD outbreaks and this process could incur certain challenges.
Hence, there is an urgent need to develop and implement an active early warning alert and surveillance response system for outbreak response and control of emerging infectious diseases.
Understanding the unending risks of transmission dynamics and resurgence is essential in implementing rapid effective response interventions tailored to specific local settings and contexts.

386. Document: 00aa67f6695256f8ade032f62ea9fa2764d34a30
Summary : 
Environmental factor(s), such as viral infection, has been implicated as one of the triggering events leading to neuroinflammation in multiple sclerosis.
This study underlines the importance of doublestranded RNA (dsRNA), the active component of a viral infection, in inducing the expression of inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS) in human astroglia.
In addition, we show that inhibitors of protein kinase R attenuated iNOS by suppressing the activation of NF-κB but not C/EBPβ.
In contrast, knock down of p38 mitogenactivated protein kinase (MAPK) attenuated iNOS by suppressing the activation of C/EBPβ but not NF-κB.

387. Document: PMC1383484
Summary : 
But half that time was taken in obtaining the DNA for the viral proteins from collaborators…and getting it through customs” [1].
Sharing samples can be difficult even within the same research institution.
H5N1 could be similarly dangerous.
Some experts believe that the dominant strain of flu in 1977 originated from a laboratory [7].

390. Document: 0b7de7591cf59d3b9e8f9db423431c0850eb0276
Summary : 
In this supplementary material we discuss the mathematics behind some of the claims in the main article, how simulations are performed and how estimates are obtained from the simulations.

392. Document: 828433debf53d822b26035b951ec78a6f3009de1
Summary : 
Necropsy was performed on the piglets.
Minor changes were also observed in other organs.
Histopathological changes included satellitosis and neuronophagia in the cerebral cortex.
Mice were infected with the isolated virus.

396. Document: 20ae5549ea5761744ffac3015a31a03816699a49
Summary : 
Programmed cell death-1 (PD-1) receptor signaling dampens the functionality of T cells faced with repetitive antigenic stimulation from chronic infections or tumors.
Engagement of PD-1 on anti-MuPyV CD8 T cells limited their effector activity.
re-infection with MuPyV.
Collectively, these data reveal a temporal duality in PD-1-mediated regulation of MuPyV-associated neuroinflammation.

397. Document: 061ffcdd4d674c4d7ce24e4aa7c5037c68596864
Summary : 
infectious disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) with multiple organ injuries.
ALI was evaluated and its prognosis was tracked.
On admission, 223 (62.8%) patients were with hypoproteinemia, 151(42.5%) with cholestasis, and 101 (28.5%) with hepatocellular injury.
As expected, ALI was more common in critical ill patients.

398. Document: bbd8195f35ba4648be5eb649a3038f7485b7a71e
Summary : 
The most frequent concern was infection of family and friends and the health consequences of the disease (54.9%).
The perceived risk of being infected was considered moderately high (median 6/9).
Few HCWs (6.6%) had restricted their social contacts and fewer (3.8%) felt isolated by their family members and friends because of their hospital work, while a low percentage (4.3%) indented to take a leave to avoid infection.
However, worry and degree of worry were significantly associated with intended absenteeism (p < 0.0005), restriction of social contacts (p < 0.0005), and psychological distress (p = 0.036).

399. Document: 5e01fabcf9b38073be541d0ac1c9f147c99a7af7
Summary : 
Background: RNA-protein interactions (RPIs) play important roles in a wide variety of cellular processes, ranging from transcriptional and post-transcriptional regulation of gene expression to host defense against pathogens.
Hence, there is a need for reliable computational methods for predicting RNA-protein interactions.
Given the sequences of an RNA and a protein as input, RPIseq predicts whether or not the RNAprotein pair interact.
RPISeq is freely available as a web-based server at

403. Document: 34483f6b88d4999066d631b65cdf0f256d305b6f
Summary : 
The contract service aimed to convert village doctors, who had privately practiced for decades, into general practitioners under the government management, and better control the rampant chronic diseases.
Methods: Three pilot counties and a non-pilot one with heterogeneity in economic and health development from east to west of China were selected by a purposive sampling method.
Their mental models influenced by the compound and various environments around them led to the diverse outcomes.
Policymakers could take systems thinking as a useful tool to design plans and predict the unintended outcomes during the process of public health reforms.

405. Document: 55e0d20b6cc56c2cdc131e1dcc51f752575cf532
Summary : 
the transcription machinery.

406. Document: PMC3673210
Summary : 
2010).
Information can no longer be withheld from the lower-income countries and their people, and education can be easily disseminated online.
There is also a general trend to address public health problems that affect large populations, regardless of national borders.
Public health professionals need to focus on the interests of the public over any other interest.

407. Document: d3b9423ca41bdd129766dce07506a87b9eec22a7
Summary : 
Genome signatures are data vectors derived from the compositional statistics of DNA.
The various parameters of the SOM training phase are investigated for their effect on the accuracy of the resulting output map.
However, where a classifi cation can be made, a larger SOM is more accurate.
The optimal length of the DNA sequence k-mer from which the genome signature should be derived is 4 or 5, but shorter values are almost as effective.

408. Document: efd27ff0ac04dd60838266386aaebb5df80f4fa9
Summary : 
In order to improve clinical management and prevention of viral infections in hospitalised children improved etiological insight is needed.
A viral pathogen was identified in 86% of the samples, with multiple infections being observed in almost 20% of the samples.
The most frequently detected viruses were RSV (30.4%) and Rhinovirus (27.4%).
While RSV and PIV3 incidence decreased significantly with age, the opposite was observed for influenza A and B as well as adenovirus infections.

410. Document: 1b64709bd4f9ba56a4209bd32c07a89d1beec6c7
Summary : 
We estimated 100638 clinical HCWs and 14595 public hospital beds in Sydney.
We estimated there are 330 public health workers in Sydney with up to 940,350 contacts to be traced.
At least 3 million respirators will be needed for the first 100 days.
Surge capacity must be planned.

411. Document: 3c44fe859327f5e7b02cc27a10a228ae5288d65b
Summary : 
The K-I and nephropathogenic K-II genotypes of infectious bronchitis virus (IBV) have been isolated since 1995 and 1990, respectively, in Korea and commercial inactivated oil-emulsion vaccines containing KM91 (K-II type) and Massachusetts 41 strains have been used in the field.
To date, genomic analyses of Korean IBV strains and animal models to test the pathogenicity of Korean IBVs to the reproductive organs have been rare.
A recombination analysis revealed that SNU8067 was a recombinant virus with a KM91-like backbone except S1, 3a, and 3b genes which might be from an unknown virus.
An SNU8067 infection inhibited formation of hierarchal ovarian follicles (80%) and oviduct maturation (50%) in the control group, whereas 70% of vaccinated chickens were protected from lesions.

417. Document: 1244246ac28247b5674d6f4a8587e064bb565d7f
Summary : 
Exposure to live poultry was believed to be the major route of infection.

419. Document: 126c2e1599b763d6f978b41a1b1f10dbe094783d
Summary : 
It has been 50 years since the initial descriptions of what are now known as plasmacytoid dendritic cells (pDC) and type I IFN.
pDC, which are infrequent cells found in the peripheral blood and lymphoid organs, are the most potent producers of type I and type III IFNs in the body.
In addition to releasing as much as 3−10 pg of IFN-α/cell, pDC are also potent modulators of the immune response.
In this review, we discuss the signaling pathways in pDC, their roles in linking innate and adaptive immunity, and their roles in infectious disease and autoimmunity.

420. Document: d3622e7ade6a1af92f1f239619932a3863c77e19
Summary : 
The anti-inflammatory master regulator IL-10 is critical to protect the host from tissue damage during acute phases of immune responses.
This regulatory mechanism, central to T cell homeostasis, can be hijacked by viruses to evade immunity.
IL-10 can be produced by virtually all immune cells, and it can also modulate the function of these cells.
Understanding the effects of this multifunctional cytokine is therefore a complex task.

421. Document: 62c1b83631e0a74cb6f73b5c46460769271c21b2
Summary : 
Application of highly active antiretroviral drugs (ARDs) effectively reduces morbidity and mortality in HIV-infected individuals.
However, the emergence of multiple drug-resistant strains has led to the increased failure of ARDs, thus calling for the development of anti-HIV drugs with targets or mechanisms of action different from those of the current ARDs.
The first peptide-based HIV entry inhibitor, enfuvirtide, was approved by the U.S. FDA in 2003 for treatment of HIV/AIDS patients who have failed to respond to the current ARDs, which has stimulated the development of several series of protein-and peptide-based HIV entry inhibitors in preclinical and clinical studies.
In this review, we highlighted the properties and mechanisms of action for those promising protein-and peptide-based HIV entry inhibitors targeting the HIV-1 gp120 or gp41 and discussed their advantages and disadvantages, compared with the current ARDs.

422. Document: 00623bf2715e25d3acacb3f210d6888ed840e3cb
Summary : 
Transmissible gastroenteritis virus (TGEV) is a coronavirus that causes severe diarrhea in suckling piglets.
Expression of cationic amino acid transporter 1 (CAT-1) was attenuated as well.
© The Author(s) 2018.
The Creative Commons Public Domain Dedication waiver

425. Document: dee7baf2d8f9fa1e70aac5ff68f1403dc663767a
Summary : 
Background: Bovine respiratory disease (BRD) continues to be great challenge in calf rearing units.
Vaccinations could contribute to the solution, but the high incidence of BRD already at an early age has made it difficult to introduce suitable vaccination programs.
Vaccinated and unvaccinated calves were situated in separate compartments until weaning.
This association was not recorded in calves that were younger than 17 days upon arrival.

426. Document: d0cd9dce26de5d011fa364f5131d8e40630ead35
Summary : 
Background: Wearing a pollution mask is an effective, practical, and economic way to prevent the inhalation of dangerous particulate matter (PM).
However, it is not uncommon to observe negligence in adopting such behaviour, and this especially among young segments of the population.
The role of past behaviour was also acknowledged as strongly associated with the dependent variable (p < 0.01).
Resistance among younger, well-educated cohorts to wear masks can be overcome by stressing the social desirability of action and the sense of empowerment derived from its usage.

427. Document: 13ea266447f0f473d432513334087430ac5356cd
Summary : 
Respiratory virus infections are important causes of morbidity and mortality after hematopoietic cell transplantation.
Their clinical course can be severe with progression to lower respiratory tract infection, co-infection with serious pulmonary co-pathogens, and high mortality.
Schiffer et al.
| 1108 | haematologica | 2009; 94(8) © F e r r a t a S t o r t i F o u n d a t i o n

428. Document: 0566b993c6fe1bf0d543bd850489207745a88d54
Summary : 
To maximize their capacity to save lives and optimize resource allocation, animal shelters need to identify highly adoptable animals that are unlikely to be delayed on medical grounds before they can be made available for adoption.
Stray kittens were more likely to be delayed than owner-relinquished kittens or those transferred from other shelters (p<0.01).
Older kittens were less likely to be delayed (p<0.0001).
Prompt antimicrobial treatment of animals with respiratory and/or ocular signs may decrease length of stay in the shelter.

429. Document: cac0c21efacbaeb24987e6cf2da64874455ec3cd
Summary : 
We extracted the weekly simulated passengers' end destination data for the period of 1-31 January 2020 from FLIRT, an online air travel dataset that uses information from 800 airlines to show the direct flight and passengers' end destination.
During the period, 388 287 passengers were destined for 1297 airports in 168 countries or territories across the world.
The risk index of 2019-nCoV among the countries had a very high correlation with the WHO-reported confirmed cases (0.97).
Outside China, countries with a higher risk of 2019-nCoV transmission are Thailand,

430. Document: 0a789bc7f1713d549288d3effb72ff34cd3b0ab0
Summary : 
Therefore, these cellular proteases are putative targets for the development of antivirals that inhibit their activity.
Different treatment durations, ranging from 1 h prior to inoculation and continuing for 18 h during the assay, were evaluated.
We confirmed that AEBSF inhibition is independent of the cell line used or RSV strain.
The time point at which treatment with the inhibitor was most potent, was found to coincide with the expected moment of entry of the virion with the host cell.

431. Document: 3f36fd3fb1459eb47b0cd58e5b6fa52529f68695
Summary : 
Spread of the infection occurred worldwide; however, most cases of mortality have occurred in the Middle East.
The Center for Diseases Control and Prevention and World Health Organization maintain a website that is updated frequently with new cases of MERS-CoV infection.
In this review, we describe the history and epidemiology of this novel virus.
Studies of the genetics and molecular mechanisms of this virus are expected to facilitate the development of vaccines in the future.

432. Document: d9c950cf19a2048596a6e143471fb2d0c009d8f0
Summary : 
Background: Korea has experienced diverse kind of disasters these days.
Among them the 2015 middle eastern respiratory syndrome (MERS) outbreak imposed great psychological stress on almost all Korean citizens.
The core value of public mental health services is adequate public accessibility; it is therefore essential for governments to strengthen their professional competence and establish effective systems.
These criteria should also be applied to psychological problems caused by disastrous infectious disease outbreaks.

434. Document: 212b5e2ca9c78f0864f5a8540b36b3c18ad06d27
Summary : 
A growing body of literature suggests that most chronic autoimmune diseases are associated with inappropriate inflammation mediated by Toll-like receptor (TLR) 3, TLR7/8, or TLR9.
Therefore, research into blocking TLR activation to treat these disorders has become a hot topic.
We also found evidence that the immunosuppressive effects of CpG-c41 on other intracellular TLRs are mediated by a TLR9-independent mechanism.
These results suggest that CpG-c41 acts as an upstream of signaling cascades, perhaps on the processes of ligand internalization and transfer.

435. Document: 116f9822d2121c96bfde4505b7e5e6c44ae0f63c
Summary : 
Genetic and environmental factors, i.e.
While research has mainly focused on virus associated autoimmune activation, less is known about prevention of autoimmunity, especially following resolving infections associated with CNS tissue damage.
This review discusses novel insights on control of self-reactive (SR) T cells activated during neurotropic coronavirusinduced demyelination.
A new concept is introduced that SR T cells can be dampened by distinct regulatory mechanisms in the periphery and the CNS, thereby preventing autoimmune disease.

436. Document: 586df1910ae9b76ff5b5524315d37ee83cf14d84
Summary : 
Ongoing epidemiological investigations together with retrospective studies have found 61 laboratory-confirmed cases of infection with this novel coronavirus, including 34 deaths to date.
This novel coronavirus is culturable and two complete genome sequences are now available.
Furthermore, molecular detection and indirect immunofluorescence assay have been developed.
A novel human coronavirus: Middle East respiratory syndrome human coronavirus.

437. Document: c819bee642ae0f97b4d9e85a8558ccc1537dab2f
Summary : 
They serve as host to bacteria, viruses and fungi that are either beneficial or harmful to its colony as well as to other groups of cave organisms.
V3-V4 hypervariable regions were amplified and then sequenced using Illumina MiSeq 250 PE system.
Core microbiome among samples were determined for comparison.
This is the first study on bacterial diversity of guano in the Philippines through high-throughput sequencing.

438. Document: 53d0f495085900746ae8492a12b1283c056e7308
Summary : 
Please note: this is a working document and has not been submitted for journal publication.
The questions we address are these:(1) Will the ICU capacity in Chicago be exceeded, and if so by how much?
In Italy, the lockdown occurred too late and the number of deaths is still doubling every 2.3 days.
It is difficult to be sure about the precise dates for this window of opportunity, due to the inherent uncertainties in computer simulation.

439. Document: b16129cfc36efc5d85192fbaa31d96799c98f8c5
Summary : 
Supplementary Figure 1.
(D) Multibinder fragments.
The reaction mixture was concentrated and 100 ml of AcOEt was added.
The organic phase was washed with saturated NaHCO3, 10% citric acid and brine, then dried over Na2SO4, filtered and

440. Document: b244c4ca5ceaf0e609cfcefe8f6bf471a9cb279a
Summary : 
Background: Italy is bearing the brunt of the COVID-19 pandemic, as the death toll there has already surpassed that in Wuhan, the city in China where the coronavirus emerged in December 2019.
We estimated both the crude and time-delay adjusted case fatality ratio across five geographic regions of Italy: Northwest, Northeast, Center, South and Island.
The CFR in Northwest Italy is 2.5-fold higher than that in Wuhan.
Our finding reflects the need of urgent medical support in the Northwest region and the appropriate planning and supplies procurement in other regions of Italy with .

441. Document: 896cb03362facd2a670bee13dc5368b81768b2ba
Summary : 
Zika virus (ZIKV) infection in humans has been associated with congenital malformations and other neurological disorders, such as Guillain-Barré syndrome.
The mechanism(s) of ZIKV intrauterine transmission, the cell types involved, the most vulnerable period of pregnancy for severe outcomes from infection and other physiopathological aspects remain unknown.
Villous immaturity was the main histological finding in the placental tissues, although placentas without alterations were also frequently observed.
The results we observed in the samples from naturally infected pregnant women may contribute to the understanding of some aspects of the pathophysiology of ZIKV.

442. Document: 0150622984aaf93314f67898865dd75ec543b00c
Summary : 
Macrophages, circulating in the blood or concatenated into different organs and tissues constitute the first barrier against any disease.
They are foremost controllers of both innate and acquired immunity, healthy tissue homeostasis, vasculogenesis and congenital metabolism.
Two hallmarks of macrophages are diversity and plasticity due to which they acquire a wobbling array of phenotypes.
Macrophage phenotype metamorphosis is the regulating factor in initiation, progression, and termination of numerous inflammatory diseases.

444. Document: 16575a6977bbe0afd6f25cb390822d3265be05a1
Summary : 
Objective We offer a systematic analysis of NASBA design with a view toward expanding its applicability.
The required T7 promoter sequence adversely affects the reaction kinetics, although the common abridged sequence can improve kinetics without sacrificing accuracy.
Redesigning the oligonucleotides to avoid inhibitory dimers eliminated false positives and reduced the true positive t 1/2 by 10 min.
Finally, we confirm the efficacy of two molecular beacon design schemes and discuss their multiplexing utility in two clinical scenarios.Conclusion This study provides a pathway for using NASBA in developing POC diagnostic assays.Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (

446. Document: d392fcba605d12d5f9b3b31f6d0c620b6a89cdcc
Summary : 
Upregulation of intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) involves adhesions between both circulating and resident leukocytes and the human lung epithelial cells during lung inflammatory reactions.
Our findings also suggest that phosphorylation of MAPKs may eventually lead to the activation of transcription factors.
In vivo studies have revealed that CURN improved the antiinflammation activities of CURH in the lung epithelial cells of TNF-a-treated mice.
Our results indicate that curcumin-loaded polyvinylpyrrolidone nanoparticles may potentially serve as an anti-inflammatory drug for the treatment of respiratory diseases.

